144A ?? = Rule 144A    An SEC rule that modified a two-year holding period requirement on privately placed securities by permitting Qualified Institutional Buyers (QIBs) to trade these positions among themselves.
18?? = Rule of 18    A rule whereby the sum of the inflation rate and the P/E ratio of the Dow Jones Industrial Average is an indicator of the direction of the stock market. If the total is above 18, stocks are supposed to decrease. If the total is under 18, then the stock market is supposed to go up.
1940?????? = Investment Company Act of 1940    Created in 1940 through an act of Congress, this piece of legislation clearly defines the responsibilities and limitations placed upon fund companies that offer investment products to the public.
72?? = Rule of 72    A rule stating that in order to find the number of years required to double your money at a given interest rate, you divide the compound return into 72. The result is the approximate number of years that it will take for your investment to double.
APICS??????????????????? = APICS Business Outlook Index    A national manufacturing index that surveys several manufacturing firms on a monthly basis. If the index is above 50 it signals expansion, if it dips below 50 it indicates contraction.
CAMELS???? = CAMELS Rating System    An international bank-rating system with which bank supervisory authorities rate institutions according to six factors. The six areas examined are represented by the acronym "CAMELS."
CEDEL = CEDEL    One of two principal clearing houses for Euromarket securities.
EBITDA = Enterprise Value (EV) A measure of a company's value. Calculated as market capitalization plus debt &amp; preferred shares, minus cash &amp; cash equivalents.????|EBITDAEV/EBITDA A ratio used to determine the value of a company. The enterprise-multiple looks at a firm as a potential acquirer would, because it takes debt into account - an item which other multiples like the P/E ratio do not include. "EBITDA" refers to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization. Calculated as: Enterprise Value / EBITDA.
GDP?? = GDP Gap    The sacrificed output within a country's economy due to the failure to create sufficient jobs for all those willing to work.
GDP??? = DP Deflator    An economic metric used to account for inflation by converting output measured at current prices into constant-dollar GDP. The GDP deflator shows how much a change in the base year's GDP relies upon changes in the price level.
H? = H-Shares    A share of a Chinese company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Russell 2000?? = Russell 2000 Index  An index that measures the performance of the 2,000 smallest companies in the Russell 3000 Index. The Russell 2000 serves as a benchmark for small-cap stocks.
????? = Bullet Repayment    A single payment for an entire loan amount that is paid at maturity.
?????? = Lump Sum Distribution A one-time payment for the entire amount due, rather than breaking payments into smaller installments. Some lump-sum distributions receive special tax treatment.
???? = Tier 1 Capital A term used to describe the capital adequacy of a bank. Tier I capital is core capital, this includes equity capital and disclosed reserves.
?????? = General Obligation Bond A municipal bond backed by the credit and "taxing power" of the issuing jurisdiction, rather than the revenue from a given project.
?????? = General Depreciation System The most commonly used system for calculating depreciation. Personal property is depreciated using the declining-balance method, which involves applying the depreciation rate against the undepreciated balance.
????? = Group of Seven (G-7)    Seven of the world's leading countries that meet periodically to achieve a cooperative effort on international economic and monetary issues.
?? = ??Flotation     The process of changing a private company into a public company by issuing shares and soliciting the public to purchase them. By doing an IPO, the company is able to obtain financing from sources outside of its regular business. This helps finance projects that return the founder's initial investment. It is also known as "going public."
???? = Public Company     A company that has issued securities through an offering which are now traded on the open market.
???? = Listed Security     Securities that have been accepted for trading purposes by a recognized and regulated exchange.
?? = Downstream    Refers to oil and gas operations after the production phase and through to the point of sale.
???? = Downgrade A negative change in the rating of a security.
???? = Downside Risk An estimation of a security's potential to suffer a decline in price if the market conditions turn bad.
???? = Non-Callable  Securities that cannot be called by the issuer prior to maturity.
???? = Force Majeure     Literally translated as "great force," this clause is included in contracts to remove liability for unforeseen events restricting participants from fulfilling obligations.
????? = ?????Non-performing Loan(NPL)     Loans that are in default or close to being in default.
??? = ???Ex-Dividend    The trading of shares when a declared dividend belongs to the seller rather than the buyer.
??????? = ???????Ex-Rights    The period when a new purchaser of stock is not entitled to participate in the recently declared rights offering.
?????? = ??????Ex-Warrant    The trading of shares when a warrant has been declared, but not distributed. In this case, the distribution would still belong to the seller rather than someone looking to buy the shares.
???? = Illiquid    An asset or security that cannot be converted into cash very quickly (or near prevailing market prices).
???? = ?????Non-performing Loan(NPL)     Loans that are in default or close to being in default.
???? = ????????Non-Performing Asset Any asset that is not effectively producing income.
?? = ??Monopoly  A situation in which a single company owns all or nearly all of the market for a given type of product or service. For a strict academic definition, a monopoly is a market containing a single firm.
??? = Patent    A government license that allows one exclusive rights to a process, design, or new invention.
???? = ????Royalty A payment to an owner for the use of property, especially patents, copyrighted works, franchises, or natural resources.
???? = Captive Fund A fund that provides investment services solely to the one firm holding ownership. Institutions that hold captive funds include investment banks, insurance companies and institutional asset managers.
????? = Specialist  A person on the trading floor of certain exchanges who holds an inventory of particular stocks. The specialist is responsible for managing limit trades, but does not make information on outstanding limit orders available to other traders.
???? = Restructuring    A significant modification made to the debt, operations or structure of a company. This type of corporate action is usually made when there are significant problems in a company, which are causing some form of financial harm and putting the overall business in jeopardy. The hope is that through restructuring, a company can eliminate financial harm and improve the business. When a company is having trouble making payments on its debt, it will often consolidate and adjust the terms of the debt in a debt restructuring. After a debt restructuring, the payments on debt are more manageable for the company and the likelihood of payment to bondholders increases. A company restructures its operations or structure by cutting costs, such as payroll, or reducing its size through the sale of assets. This is often seen as necessary when the current situation at a company is one that may lead to its collapse.
???? = Dual Listing The listing of a company's shares on more than one stock exchange.
???? = Personal Income     An individual's total earnings coming from wages, business enterprises, and various investments.
?????? = PCE Similar to CPI, PCE is a report (actually a part of the personal income report) put out by the Bureau of Economic Analysis of the Department of Commerce. PCE is a measure of price changes in consumer goods and services. It consists of the actual and imputed expenditures of households, and includes data pertaining to durables, non-durables, and services.
???? = Personal Finance Financial planning for individuals. Generally, it involves analyzing their current financial position, predicting short-term and long-term needs, and recommending a financial strategy. This may involve advice on pensions, school fees, mortgages, life insurance, and investments.
???? = Central Bank    A bank providing services for a country's government and major commercial banks.
?? = Medium Term     Holding an asset for an intermediate period of time.
???? = Medium Term Note (MTN)    A note that usually matures in 5-10 years.
???? = Interim Dividend A dividend payment made before a company's AGM and final financial statements. This declared dividend usually accompanies the company's interim financial statements.
?????? = Mid Cap Stock    Short for "Middle Cap," mid cap refers to stocks with a market capitalization of between $2 billion to $10 billion. Cf. mega cap.
???? = ????|????Bridge Loan A short-term loan that is used until a person or company can secure permanent financing or removes an existing obligation. This type of financing allows the user to meet current obligations by providing immediate cash flow. The loans are short-term (up to one year) with relatively high interest rates and are backed by some form of collateral such as real estate or inventory. Also known as "interim financing", "gap financing or a "swing loan". As the term implies, these loans "bridge the gap" between times when financing is needed. They are used by both corporations and individuals and can be customized for many different situations. For example, let's say that a company is doing a round of equity financing that is expecting to close in six months. A bridge loan could be used to secure working capital until the round of funding goes through. In the case of an individual, bridge loans are common in the real estate market. As there can often be a time lag between the sale of one property and the purchase of another, a bridge loan allows a homeowner more flexibility.
??? = Obligor    An entity that has an obligation to pay all principal and interest payments on a debt. Examples of obligors are bond issuers. It is similar to a “debtor”, however, the Collator/Reviser deemed it a word with broader meanings than “debtor”.
????? = Bull    An investor who thinks the market, a specific security, or an industry will rise. Bulls are optimistic investors who are presently predicting good things for the market, and are attempting to profit from this upward movement. For example if you are bullish on the S&amp;P 500 you will attempt to profit from a rise in the index by going long on it. Bulls are are the exact opposite of the market's bears, who are pessimistic and believe that a particular security, commodity or entity will suffer a decline in price. Bullishness does not necessarily apply only to the stock market; you could for example be bullish on just about anything, including commodities like soy beans, crude oil or even peanuts.
???? = Multiplier Effect    The expansion of a country's money supply that results from the collective of member banks being able to lend more money than they take in.
?? = Bid1. An offer by an investor, trader, or dealer to buy a security. 2. The price at which a market maker is willing to buy a security.??|???Bid Price The price a buyer is willing to pay for a security.
?? = Buy A recommendation to purchase a specific security; to acquire an asset in exchange for currency. Exact definitions vary by brokerage, but in general this rating is better than neutral but worse than strong buy.
??-???? = Put-Call Parity   The relationship between the price of a put and the price of a call on the same underlying with the same expiration date.
???? = Buying Hedge  A transaction that commodities investors undertake to hedge against possible increases in the prices of the actuals underlying the futures contracts.
????? = Buy And Hold An investing strategy where stocks are bought and held for a long period regardless of fluctuations in the market.
???? = Call An option contract giving the owner the right (but not the obligation) to buy a specified amount of an underlying security at a specified price within a specified time.Call Option An agreement that gives an investor the right (but not the obligation) to buy a stock, bond, commodity, or other instrument at a specified price within a specific time period.
?????? = Call Warrant A warrant that gives the holder the right to buy the underlying share for an agreed price, on or before a specified date.
???? = Bid-Ask Spread    The amount that the ask price exceeds the bid.
????? = Yield To Call    The yield of a bond or note if you were to buy and hold the security until the call date. This yield is valid only if the security is called prior to maturity. The calculation of yield to call is based on the coupon rate, the length of time to the call date, and the market price.
???? = ????Call Date    The date on which a bond can be redeemed before maturity. If the issuer feels there is a benefit to refinancing the issue, the bond may be redeemed on the call date at par or at a small premium to par.
???? = ??????Call Premium 1. The dollar amount over the par value of a convertible fixed income and debt security. This amount is given to holders when the security is called by the issuer due to the soft call provision. The call premium is somewhat of a penalty paid by the issuer to the bondholders for the early redemption.   2. The amount the purchaser of a call option must pay to the writer. In order to receive the rights associated with a call option, the premium must be paid to the seller.
?? = Buy-Side    The investing institutions such as mutual funds, pension funds, and insurance firms that tend to buy large portions of securities.
???? = Bid1. An offer by an investor, trader, or dealer to buy a security. 2. The price at which a market maker is willing to buy a security.??|???Bid Price The price a buyer is willing to pay for a security.
???? = Ask (Price) The price a seller is willing to accept for a security, also known as the offer price.
???? = Monopsony Similar to a monopoly, but where a large buyer (not seller) controls a large proportion of the market and drives the prices down. Sometimes referred to as the buyers monopoly.
???? = Buyer's Market   A market condition characterized by an abundance of goods available for sale.
???? = ????|????|????Back Office Administration and support personnel in a financial services company. They carry out functions like: settlements, clearances, record maintenance, regulatory compliance, accounting, etc.
???? = Secondary Offering A sale of securities in which one or more major stockholders in a company sell all or a large portion of their holdings. The underwriting proceeds are paid to the stockholders, rather than to the corporation.
???? = Secondary Market    A market in which an investor purchases an asset from another investor, rather than an issuing corporation.
???? = Tier 2 Capital     A term used to describe the capital adequacy of a bank. Tier II capital is secondary bank capital that includes items such as undisclosed reserves, general loss reserves, subordinated term debt, and more.
?? = ??Swap    Traditionally, the exchange of one security for another to change the maturity (bonds), quality of issues (stocks or bonds), or because investment objectives have changed. Recently, swaps have grown to include currency swaps and interest rates swaps.
?????? = Market Cannibalization    The negative impact a new product has on the sales performance of a company's existing, related products.
????? = Group of Five (G-5) Five of the world's leading countries that meet periodically to achieve a cooperative effort on international economic and monetary issues.
????? = Asian Option    An option whose payoff depends on the average price of the underlying asset over a certain period of time.
?? = ??Delivery The act whereby an underlying commodity, security, cash value, or delivery instrument covering the commodity is tendered and received by the contract holder.
???? = Delivery Price A price for the delivery of underlying commodities upon the expiration of futures contracts. This price is fixed by clearing houses.
???? = Delivery Instrument A document that stands in lieu of the physical underlying during the delivery of the futures contract.
???? = Delivery Date    1. The final date by which the underlying commodity for a futures contract must be delivered in order for the terms of the contract to be fulfilled. 2. The maturity date of a currency forward contract.
???? = Delivery Month The month in which a contract expires and delivery of the underlying or cash is required for fulfillment.
???? = Cross When a broker receives a buy and sell order for the same stock at the same price, and subsequently makes a simultaneous trade between two separate customers. This is legal only if the broker first offers the securities publicly at a price higher than the bid. Also known as a cross order or crossing.
????? = Agency Cross A trade that has only one agent acting for the buyer and seller. Also known as "Dual Agency."
???? = Crossover Fund An investment fund that invests in both public and private equity.
???? = Cross Hedge The act of hedging ones position by taking an offsetting position in another good with similar price movements.
???? = Cross Holding When listed corporations own securities issued by other listed corporations.
???? = ????Tender    1. To accept a formal offer, such as a takeover bid or tender offer. 2. Means of settlement in a financial transaction. 3. A bid to buy treasury bills. 4. Notice from a futures contract seller to offer money or goods for settlement of a futures contract.
[??]??? = [??]?????|[??]???Principal 1. The amount borrowed or the amount still owed on a loan, separate from interest. 2. The original amount invested, separate from earnings. 3. The face value of a bond. 4. The owner of a private company. 5. The main party to a transaction, acting as either a buyer or seller for his/her own account and risk.
????? = Pre-Money Valuation The value of a company before external financing alternatives are added to its balance sheet.
???? = ?|?|??|??Lot  In general, any group of goods or services making up a transaction.
????? = Post-Money Valuation    The value of a company after external financing alternatives are added to its balance sheet. When taken with the pre-money valuation, investors can identify the amount of financing added to the company and track the level of return in order to determine profitability.
?????? = Counterparty Risk    The risk to each party of a contract that the counterparty will not live up to their contractual obligations.
??? = Exchange    An exchange is a market where securities, commodities, options, and futures are traded.
????? = Exchange Distribution    A trade made on the floor of a securities exchange, where a large block of shares traded actually represents many buy and sell orders that have been pooled and executed as one transaction.
??????? = Exchange Traded Fund A security that tracks an index but has the flexibility of trading like a stock. Just like an index fund, an ETF represents a basket of stocks that reflect an index. The difference is that an ETF isn't a mutual fund - it trades just like any other company on a stock exchange. Unlike a mutual fund, which have their net asset value (NAV) calculated at the end of each trading day, an ETF's price changes throughout the day from buying and selling.
???? = Curb A temporary restriction on program trading in a particular security or market, usually to reduce dramatic price movements.
???? = ????Closing 1. The end of a trading session. The closing price is what's quoted in the newspaper. 2. The final procedure in a home sale, documents are signed and recorded. This is the time when the property ownership is transferred.
??? = ???Volume Of Trade The number of shares or contracts traded in a security or an entire market during a given period.
?? = ??Delivery The act whereby an underlying commodity, security, cash value, or delivery instrument covering the commodity is tendered and received by the contract holder.
???? = ????|????Sector Fund A mutual fund whose objective is to invest in a particular industry or sector of the economy to capitalize on returns.
?????? = ??????Conveyance A written instrument, such as a deed or lease, that transfers some ownership interest in real property from one person to another.
???? = Life Insurance     A protection against the lost income that would result if the insured were to pass away. The named beneficiary receives the proceeds and is thereby safeguarded from financial impacts of the death of the insured.
???? = Today's Low    The intra-day low trading price.
???? = Today's High    The intra-day high trading price.
???? = Subordinated Debt A loan (or security) that ranks below other loans (or securities) with regard to claims on assets or earnings.
???? = Delivery Versus Payment A securities industry procedure in which the buyer's payment for securities is due at the time of delivery. Security delivery and payment are simultaneous.
????? = Paying Agent    An agent who accepts payments from the issuer of a security and then distributes the payments to the holders of the security.
???? = Payment Date    The date on which a declared stock dividend is scheduled to be paid.
??? = Agent1. An individual or firm that places securities transactions for clients. 2. A person licensed by a state to sell insurance. 3. A securities salesperson who represents a broker-dealer or issuer when selling or trying to sell securities to the investing public.
????? = Proxy A formal document signed by a shareholder to authorize another shareholder, or commonly the company's management, to vote the holder's shares at the annual meeting.
???? = Agency Problem    When conflicts of interest rise between creditors, shareholders, and management, because of differing goals.
????????? = Value-Based Pricing A pricing strategy whereby a product's price is actively dependant upon its demand.
???????? = Pro Bono    To work for the good of the public rather than for a profit or income.
??????? = Growth At A Reasonable Price (GARP) GARP investing combines the two successful strategies of value and growth investing. The name really says it all, GARP investors look for a stock with growth potential, but only if it is reasonably priced.
????? = Mark to Market (MTM) 1. Recording the price or value of a security, portfolio, or account to reflect the current market value.  2. An accounting method that relates to how a trader calculates their trading gains and losses, and how these gains and losses are reported on the trader's income tax returns.
???????????? = Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) An investment instrument that represents ownership of an undivided interest in a group of mortgages. Principal and interest from the individual mortgages are used to pay principal and interest on the MBS.
????????? = Activity Based Management    Using an activity-based costing system to improve the operations of an organization.
?????????? = Activity Based Budgeting Method of budgeting in which activities that incur costs in each function of an organization are established and relationships are defined between activities. This information is then used to decide how much resource should be allocated to each activity.
???? = Barter  The process of trading goods and services without the use of money.
?? = Arbitration An informal hearing held regarding a dispute. The dispute is judged by a group of people (generally three) who have been selected by an impartial panel. Once a decision has been reached, there is no further appeal process.
???? = Value Investing    The process of selecting stocks that trade for less than their intrinsic value. A value investor typically selects stocks with lower than average price-to-book or price-to-earning ratios.
???? = Value Stock A stock that is considered undervalued by a value investor. Common characteristics of such stocks include a high dividend yield and low price-to-book ratio.
???? = Appraisal    An opinion of value for a property or business.
??? = Value Chain A high-level model of how businesses receive raw materials as input, add value to the raw materials through various processes, and sell finished products to customers
?? = ??|??????Out of the Money1. For a call, when an option's strike price is higher than the market price of the underlying stock. 2. For a put, when the strike price is below the market price of the underlying stock.  Cf. in the money
?? = ??|??|??Spread 1. The difference between the bid and the ask prices of a security or asset. 2. An options position established by purchasing one option and selling another option of the same class, but of a different series.
???? = ????Downside    The potential dollar amount by which the market or a stock could fall. You might hear someone say that the downside on stock XYZ is $10. What that means is that the stock could fall by this amount if things got bad. Downside is usually gauged by either fundamental or technical factors.
???? = Price Discovery    A method of determining the price for a specific commodity through basic supply and demand factors related to the market.
???? = ??|????Rally    A rise in the prices of individual securities, bonds, or indexes, following a period of flat or declining prices.
???? = Range A stocks low price and high price for a particular trading period, such as the close of a day's trading, the opening of a day's trading, a day, a month, or a year.
???? = Price Target 1. The projected price level as stated by an investment analyst or advisor. An influential analyst on Wall Street may give a stock that is trading at $60 a one-year price target of $90.  2. A price that, if achieved, would result in a trader recognizing the best possible outcome for his or her investment. This is the price at which the trader would like to exit his or her existing position so that he or she can realize the most reward. The interesting thing about price targets is that there is no surefire way to calculate them. For example, two separate traders holding a stock that is trading at $60 may have drastically different opinions about where the stock will go. One trader may set his or her price target at $75, while the other will set it at $120. Price targets are a function of risk tolerance and the amount of time that one plans on holding the security.  In technical analysis, traders use tools such as previous support and resistance, Fibonacci extensions and moving averages to aid them in determining an appropriate price target.
???? = Price Risk The risk that the value of a security or portfolio of securities will decline in the future.
?? = ??Corporation The most common form of business organization. The total worth of the organization is divided into shares of stock, each representing a unit of ownership. A corporation is ongoing and the owners face only limited liability.
[??]????? = [??]?????|[??]???Principal 1. The amount borrowed or the amount still owed on a loan, separate from interest. 2. The original amount invested, separate from earnings. 3. The face value of a bond. 4. The owner of a private company. 5. The main party to a transaction, acting as either a buyer or seller for his/her own account and risk.
???????? = ????????|??|??|???|?????????|????Overhead A reference in accounting to all costs not including or related to direct labor, materials, or administration costs. A very ambiguous term unless a modifier is added. A commonly used expression is manufacturing overhead.
???? = Enterprise Value (EV) A measure of a company's value. Calculated as market capitalization plus debt &amp; preferred shares, minus cash &amp; cash equivalents.????|EBITDAEV/EBITDA A ratio used to determine the value of a company. The enterprise-multiple looks at a firm as a potential acquirer would, because it takes debt into account - an item which other multiples like the P/E ratio do not include. "EBITDA" refers to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization. Calculated as: Enterprise Value / EBITDA.
???? = Enterprise Value (EV) A measure of a company's value. Calculated as market capitalization plus debt &amp; preferred shares, minus cash &amp; cash equivalents.????|EBITDAEV/EBITDA A ratio used to determine the value of a company. The enterprise-multiple looks at a firm as a potential acquirer would, because it takes debt into account - an item which other multiples like the P/E ratio do not include. "EBITDA" refers to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization. Calculated as: Enterprise Value / EBITDA.
???? = Corporate Bond    A debt security issued by a corporation.
???? = Corporate Governance    The relationship between all the stakeholders in a company. This includes the shareholders, directors, and management of a company, as defined by the corporate charter, bylaws, formal policy, and rule of law.
?????? = Corporate Cannibalism An act of self-infringement upon market share by corporations through the issuance of new products. Also known as "market cannibalization".
??????? = Free Cash Flow for the Firm (FCFF)  A firm's operating income less expenses, taxes, and changes in net working capital and investments.
???? = ????Corporate Finance Any financial or monetary activity that deals with a company and its money.
???? = ????Corporate Finance Any financial or monetary activity that deals with a company and its money.
???? = Reorganization    A process designed to revive a financially troubled or bankrupt firm. A reorganization involves the restatement of assets and liabilities, and communication with creditors in order to make arrangements for maintaining repayment. Cf. restructuring.
??? = ?????Right Of First Refusal (ROFR)  In general, the right of a person or company to purchase something before the offering is made available to others. In contrast, Right of First Offer (ROFO), is the right to make an offer BEFORE offers from others are considered.Examples:Right of First Refusal (ROFR): This is what "chills the bidding". Say you are looking to sell an asset and someone has a ROFR on it. If a third party now comes along and offers $100mm for the asset, you are obligated to share that price with the party that has a ROFR and they choose to execute -- so, they can pay $101mm and walk away with the asset.
??? = Preferred Stock A class of ownership in a corporation with a stated dividend that must be paid before dividends to common stock holders. Preferred stock does not usually have voting rights.
???? = Senior Security    A security (usually debt) that, in the event the issuer goes bankrupt, must be repaid before other creditors receive any payment. In the event of liquidation, senior creditors have seniority and are repaid before the junior debt. This is also known as "unsubordinated debt".
????? = ?????Right Of First Refusal (ROFR)  In general, the right of a person or company to purchase something before the offering is made available to others. In contrast, Right of First Offer (ROFO), is the right to make an offer BEFORE offers from others are considered.Examples:Right of First Refusal (ROFR): This is what "chills the bidding". Say you are looking to sell an asset and someone has a ROFR on it. If a third party now comes along and offers $100mm for the asset, you are obligated to share that price with the party that has a ROFR and they choose to execute -- so, they can pay $101mm and walk away with the asset.
???? = Rationalization A reorganization of a company in order to increase its efficiency. This reorganization may lead to an expansion or reduction in company size, a change of policy, or an alteration of strategy pertaining to particular products.
?????????? = London Interbank Offer Rate (LIBOR) This is the rate of interest at which banks borrow funds, in marketable size, from other banks in the London interbank market.
??? = Assessor  A local government official who determines the value of a property for taxation purposes.
?? = Valuation The process of determining the current worth of an asset.
???? = Undervalued  A stock or other security that is trading below its presumed value.
???? = Haircut   1. The difference between prices at which a market maker can buy and sell a security. The term haircut comes from the fact that market makers can trade at such a thin spread. 2. The percentage by which an asset's market value is reduced for the purpose of calculating capital requirement, margin, and collateral levels. When they are used as collateral, securities will generally be devalued since a cushion is required by the lending parties in case the market value falls.
????????? = Down Round A round of financing where investors purchase stock from a company at a lower valuation than the valuation placed upon the company by earlier investors.
???? = Downtick A transaction on an exchange occurring at a price below the previous transaction.
????? = Downtick Volume    The share volume of a security that trades at a price lower than its previous price.
????? = Small-Cap Refers to stocks with a relatively small market capitalization. The definition of small-cap can vary among brokerages, but generally a company between $300 million to $2 billion in market cap is considered a small cap.
???????? = Clean Balance Sheet    Referring to a company whose balance sheet has very little or no debt.
?? = Commission A service charge assessed by an agent in return for arranging the purchase or sale of a security or real estate. The commission must be fair and reasonable, considering all the relevant factors of the transaction. Commissions vary widely from broker to broker.
??? = Commission House A brokerage or merchant firm which buys and sells futures contracts for customer accounts. Its income is generated by the commission charged for its service.
???? = ????Royalty A payment to an owner for the use of property, especially patents, copyrighted works, franchises, or natural resources.
?? = Supply The total amount of a good or service available for purchase by consumers.
????? = Vendor Financing When a company lends money to one of its customers so that the customer can buy products from them. By doing this, the company increases their sales even though they are basically buying their own products.
????? = Supply-Side Theory An economic theory holding that bolstering an economy's ability to supply more goods is the most effective way to stimulate economic growth.
??? = Supply Chain    The network created amongst different companies producing, handling, and/or distributing a specific product.
????? = Supply Chain Management    The management and coordination of a product's supply chain for the purpose of increasing efficiency and profitability.
???? = Protectionism  Actions taken by a government to prevent imports from destroying domestic producers.
???? = Cushion Bond  A type of callable bond that sells at a premium because the issued coupon payments are above market interest rates. Mostly chosen by investors interested in generating high income conservatively. As interest rates rise, the cushion bond depreciates less than regular bonds, since it already pays a premium. On the other hand, as interest rates fall, the cushion bond's value appreciates less due to the risk of the company calling the bond.
???? = ????Retained Earnings (R/E)  The percentage of net earnings not paid out in dividends, but retained by the company to be reinvested in its core business or to pay debt. It is recorded under shareholders equity on the balance sheet. Calculated by adding net income to (or subtracting any net losses from) beginning retained earnings and subtracting any dividends paid to shareholders.
?????????? = Management Buy-in (MBI)  When a group of investors outside of a company purchase a controlling block of shares and keep the existing management.
??? = Custodian    A financial institution that has the legal responsibility for a customer's securities. This implies management as well as safekeeping.
???? = ????Custodial Account    1. An account created at a bank, brokerage firm or mutual fund company that is managed by an adult for a minor that is under the age of 18 to 21 (depending on state legislation).  2. A retirement account managed for eligible employees by a custodian.
??? = ???Sponsor  1. In the context of mutual funds, an underwriting company that offers shares in its mutual funds. Many investors look for wide sponsorship in a stock before investing, believing that the endorsement of well-known investors add a measure of safety to their investment decisions.  2. In the context of stocks, an influential investor who creates demand for a security because of their positive outlook on it. An underwriter must sponsor a mutual fund issue for investors to have access to it. 3. In the context of exchange-traded funds (ETFs), the fund manager or other entity who files the needed regulatory materials with the SEC to create an ETF. The sponsor also solicits and approves an authorized participant to create and redeem ETF shares. The sponsor of an ETF is essentially the managerial body of the ETF and brings together the needed parties and regulatory framework to establish the ETF.
??? = ??|???Deposit 1. A transaction involving a transfer of funds to another party for safekeeping.  2.A portion of funds that is used as security or collateral for the delivery of a good or for the performance of a contract.
????? = ????|????Margin Account  A brokerage account in which the broker lends the customer cash to purchase securities. The loan in the account is collateralized by the securities and cash. If the value of the stock drops sufficiently, the account holder will be required to deposit more cash or sell a portion of the stock. In a margin account, you are investing with your broker's money. By using leverage in such a way, you magnify both gains and losses.
??? = ????????|??|??|???|?????????|????Overhead A reference in accounting to all costs not including or related to direct labor, materials, or administration costs. A very ambiguous term unless a modifier is added. A commonly used expression is manufacturing overhead.
?? = Trust  A fiduciary relationship in which one person, a trustee, holds title to property or assets for the benefit of another person, the beneficiary.
?? = ??|??Credit  1. A contractual agreement in which a borrower receives something of value now, with the agreement to repay the lender at some date in the future. Also, the borrowing capacity of an individual or company. 2. An accounting entry system that either decreases assets or increases liabilities.
??? = Credit Card  A card allowing someone to make a purchase on borrowed money. Credit cards are one of the most popular forms of payment for consumer goods and services in the United States.
????? = Credit Union  Member-owned financial co-operative. These institutions are created and operated by its members and profits are shared amongst the owners.
???? = Credit Cliff  A slang term meaning that credit deterioration could be compounded by provisions such as rating triggers or financial covenants. These can put pressure on the company's liquidity or its business to a material extent.
??? = Letter of Credit  A letter from a bank guaranteeing that a buyer's payment to a seller will be received on time and for the correct amount.
???? = Credit Rating  An assessment of the credit worthiness of individuals and corporations. It is based upon the history of borrowing and repayment, as well as the availability of assets and extent of liabilities.
???? = ?????|????Unsecured Loan    A bank loan that is issued and supported only by the borrower’s creditworthiness, rather than by some sort of collateral.
?? = ??|??Credit  1. A contractual agreement in which a borrower receives something of value now, with the agreement to repay the lender at some date in the future. Also, the borrowing capacity of an individual or company. 2. An accounting entry system that either decreases assets or increases liabilities.
???? = Credit Spread  1. The spread between Treasury securities and non-Treasury securities that is identical in all respects except for quality rating. 2. An options strategy where a high premium option is sold and a low premium option is bought on the same underlying security.
?????? = Credit Derivative    Privately held negotiable bilateral contracts that allow users to manage their exposure to credit risk. Credit Derivatives are financial assets like forward contracts, swaps, and options for which the price is driven by the credit risk of economic agents (private investors or governments).
?????? = ??????Credit Default Swap  A swap designed to transfer the credit exposure (credit risk) of fixed income products between parties.
?????? = ??????Credit Default Swap  A swap designed to transfer the credit exposure (credit risk) of fixed income products between parties.
???? = ????Line of Credit  An arrangement between a financial institution (usually a bank) and a customer establishing a maximum loan balance that the bank will permit the borrower to maintain.????Facility  A term used to describe financial assistance programs offered by lending institutions to help companies requiring capital.
???? = ????Line of Credit  An arrangement between a financial institution (usually a bank) and a customer establishing a maximum loan balance that the bank will permit the borrower to maintain.????Facility  A term used to describe financial assistance programs offered by lending institutions to help companies requiring capital.
???? = Credit Risk  The possibility of a loss occurring due to the financial failure to meet contractual debt obligations.
?? = Multiple    Another term for the price/earnings ratio, which is calculated by dividing a stock's current price by the company's current annual earnings per share.
???? = Multiple Compression    Arises when a stock trades at a certain multiple and, while earnings may be good, the stock price doesn't move or sometimes goes down. The result is that the multiple is reduced even though nothing is fundamentally wrong with the company. The valuation has been called into question and the multiple that you are willing to pay for that stock is the only thing different.
???? = ????Back Door Listing    A strategy of going public used by a company that fails to meet the criteria for listing on a stock exchange. To get onto the exchange, the company desiring to go public acquires an already-listed company.
?????? = ??????Refunding    Retiring an outstanding bond issue at maturity by using money from the sale of a new offering.
?? = ??Debit    An accounting entry which results in either an increase in assets or a decrease in liabilities or in your bank account.
???????? = ??????|????????Average Life    An estimate of the number of terms to maturity, taking the possibility of early payments into account. Average life is calculated using the weighted average time to the receipt of all future cash flows.
?? = ??Debit    An accounting entry which results in either an increase in assets or a decrease in liabilities or in your bank account.
?? = Bond    A bond is a debt investment whereby the investor loans money to an entity (company or government) that needs funds for a defined period of time at a specified interest rate. In exchange for your money, the entity will issue you a certificate, or bond, that states the interest rate (coupon rate) you are to be paid and when your loaned funds are to be returned (maturity date). Interest on bonds is usually paid every six months (semiannually).  Corporate bond: A bond issued by a corporation.  Municipal bond: A bond issued by a municipality. These are generally tax free, so you pay no taxes on the interest you earn, but the interest rate is usually lower than for a taxable bond.  Treasury bond: A bond issued by the U.S. Government. These are considered safe investments because they are backed by the taxing authority of the U.S. government, and the interest on Treasury bonds is not subject to state income tax. T-bonds have maturities greater than ten years, while notes and bills have lower maturities.  Treasury note: The only difference between a Treasury note and a Treasury bond is that a Treasury note is issued for a shorter time, usually two to five years.  Treasury bill: This is held for a shorter time than either a Treasury bond or a Treasury note--usually three, six, or nine months to two years. Interest on T-bills is paid at the time the bill matures, and the bills are priced accordingly.  Zero-coupon bonds: A bond that generates no periodic interest payments but is issued at a discount from face value. The return is realized at maturity.
???? = Bond Swap    A strategy whereby an investor sells a bond and at the same time purchases a different bond with the proceeds from the sale.
???? = Bond Fund    A mutual fund whose investment objective is to provide stable income with a minimal risk. It invests in income-producing instruments, which may include corporate, government, or municipal bonds.
???? = ??????Refunding    Retiring an outstanding bond issue at maturity by using money from the sale of a new offering.
???? = Bond Option    The same as a stock option except the underlying asset is a bond.
?????? = Bond Equivalent Yield (BEY)     A calculation for restating semi-annual, quarterly, or monthly discount-bond or note yields into an annual yield. For a fixed income security with a par value of $1000, the calculation is as follows: [(1000 - Purchase Price) / purchase price] x (365 / days to maturity).
???? = Bond Rating    An evaluation of the possibility of default by a bond issuer. It is based on an analysis of the issuer's financial condition and profit potential. Bond rating services are provided by, among others, Standard &amp; Poor's, Moody's Investors Service, and Fitch Investors Service.
?? = Debt    An amount of money owed from one person or firm to another.
??? = Debtor    A company or individual that owes money.
?????? = Debt Service Coverage Ratio    A ratio often used by bank loan officers when making loans to perspective income property loans.
???? = Debt Overhang    A situation where the debt stock of a country exceeds the country's future capacity to repay.
????? = Debt Equity Ratio    A measure of a company's financial leverage calculated by dividing long term debt by shareholders equity. It indicates what proportion of equity and debt the company is using to finance its assets. Note: Sometimes investors only use interest bearing long term debt instead of total liabilities. It is calculated as: Total Liabilities / Shareholders Equity.
???? = Debt Financing    When a firm raises money for working capital or capital expenditures by selling bonds, bills, or notes to individual and/or institutional investors. In return for lending the money, the individuals or institutions become creditors and receive a promise to repay principal and interest on the debt.
???? = Debt Security    A security representing a loan by an investor to an issuer. In return for the loan, the issuer promises to repay the debt on a specified date and to pay interest. Issuers may include corporations, municipalities, the federal government, or a federal agency.
???? = Debt Restructuring    A method whereby companies with outstanding debt obligations alter the terms of the debt agreements in order to achieve some advantage. Companies use debt restructuring to avoid default on existing debt or to take advantage of a lower interest rate. A company will often issue callable bonds to allow them to readily restructure debt in the future. The existing debt is called and then replaced with new debt at a lower interest rate. Companies can also restructure their debt by altering the terms and provisions of the existing debt issue.
????? = Debt Equity Swap    A refinancing deal where a debt holder gets an equity position in exchange for cancellation of the debt.
?? = Divergence    Occurs when the trend of a security's price does not correspond with the trend of an indicator.
???? = ????Delisting    When the stock of a company is removed from a stock exchange. Reasons for delisting include violating regulations and failure to meet financial specifications set out by the stock exchange.
???? = ????Contingency    An economic event, usually negative, that is in the process of occurring and, therefore, has not yet been resolved.
???? = ????Contingency    An economic event, usually negative, that is in the process of occurring and, therefore, has not yet been resolved.
???? = Solvency Ratio    One of many ratios used to gauge a company's ability to meet long-term obligations.
???? = ??Solvency    The ability of a corporation to meet both its long-term fixed expenses and to have adequate money for long-term expansion and growth.
???? = Sinking Fund    A means of repaying funds advanced through a bond issue. The issuer makes periodic payments to a trustee, who retires part of the issue by purchasing the bonds in the open market.
???? = Vulture Fund A fund that buys securities in distressed investments, such as high-yield bonds in (or near) default or equities that are in (or near) bankruptcy.
????? = Vulture Capitalist1. A slang word for a venture capitalist who deprives an inventor of control over their own innovations and most of the money they should have made from the invention.2. A venture capitalist who invests in floundering firms in the hopes that they will turn around.
??????? = Invest, Then Investigate An investment strategy where investors immediately purchase a stock and then do research and due diligence afterwards.
???? = First In, First Out (FIFO) An inventory management and valuation method where the products acquired first are the ones sold first. In a period of rising prices, this method yields a higher ending inventory, a lower cost of goods sold, a higher gross profit (assuming constant price), and a higher taxable income.
??? = Tax Holiday A government incentive program that offers a tax reduction to foreign investors.
?????? = Greenfield Investment When a company or government invests money to construct a project in basic components.
?????? = Discretionary Order An order giving a broker the ability to decide when to buy/sell securities at the best possible price for the customer. Some discretionary orders place restrictive terms to limit the amount of discretion the broker has.
?????? = ??????Discretionary Account An account that allows a broker to buy and sell securities without the client's consent.
???? = Global Bond Bonds that can be offered within the euromarket and several other markets simultaneously.
???? = Global Fund A mutual fund that can invest in companies located anywhere in the world, including your own country.
?????? = Global Depository Receipt (GDR) 1. A bank certificate issued in more than one country for shares in a foreign company. The shares are held by a foreign branch of an international branch. The shares trade as domestic shares, but are offered for sale globally through the various bank branches. 2. A financial instrument used by private markets to raise capital denominated in either U.S. dollars or Euros.
?????? = Global Macro Strategy A hedge fund strategy that involves holding long and short positions in various equity, fixed income, currency, and futures markets. The holdings are based primarily on overall economic (and political) views of various countries (macroeconomic principles).
???????? = Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS) Ethical standards to be used by investment managers for creating performance presentations that ensure fair representation and full disclosure of investment performance results.
?????? = Global Registered Share    A share issued and registered in multiple markets around the world.
????? = Wholly Owned Subsidiary A subsidiary whose parent company owns 100% of its common stock.
???? = ????Fair Value1. The estimated value of all assets and liabilities of an acquired company used to consolidate the financial statements of both companies. 2. In the futures market, fair value is the equilibrium price for a futures contract. This is equal to the spot price after taking into account compounded interest (and dividends lost because the investor owns the futures contract rather than the physical stocks) over a certain period of time.
?? = ??Corporation The most common form of business organization. The total worth of the organization is divided into shares of stock, each representing a unit of ownership. A corporation is ongoing and the owners face only limited liability.
???? = Debenture  An unsecured debt backed only by the credit worthiness of the borrower. There is no collateral, and the agreement is documented by an indenture.
??? = ????Demutualization    The process of changing corporate structure from a mutual fund company to some other form, such as a limited liability or corporation.
??? = Corporate Tax     A levy placed on the profit of a firm; different rates are used for different levels of profits.
???? = Arm's Length Transaction When the buyers and sellers of a product act independently of each other and have no relationship to each other.
???? = ????Fair Value1. The estimated value of all assets and liabilities of an acquired company used to consolidate the financial statements of both companies. 2. In the futures market, fair value is the equilibrium price for a futures contract. This is equal to the spot price after taking into account compounded interest (and dividends lost because the investor owns the futures contract rather than the physical stocks) over a certain period of time.
???? = Fairness Opinion An opinion developed by qualified analysts or advisors with the purpose of providing key details and factual proof to the decision makers of a merger or acquisition.
???? = Going Public The process of selling shares that were formerly privately-held to new investors for the first time.
?????? = Public Offering Price (POP) The price at which new issues are offered to the public by an underwriter.
??????? = Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) The body that sets the interest rate and credit policies of the Federal Reserve System.FOMC The body that sets the interest rate and credit policies of the Federal Reserve System.
?????? = Float The total number of shares publicly owned and available for trading. The float is calculated by subtracting restricted shares from outstanding shares.
????? = ?????Prospectus1. A formal legal document describing details of a corporation. The prospectus is generally created for a proposed offering (usually an IPO), but they can still be obtained from existing businesses as well. The prospectus includes company facts that are vitally important to potential investors. 2. In this case of mutual funds, a prospectus describes the fund's objectives, history, manager background, and financial statements.
??????? = ???????Final Prospectus A legal document stating the price of a newly issued security, the delivery date, and other facts that are important for investors.
???? = Public Assets    Assets that can be traded in a public market, such as the stock market.
?? = ??Jointly and Severally 1. A legal term describing a partnership wherein individual decisions are binding against all parties involved and thus undivided.  When an investor authorizes power of attorney to two separate lawyers jointly and severally, both lawyers can make binding decisions without the approval of the other lawyer.      2. A term used in underwriting syndicates to refer to the distinct responsibility of individual companies to sell a certain portion of unsold new issue. For example, an underwriter who has jointly and severally agreed to a 30% stake in the sale of a new issue must sell 30% of any remaining unsold portion, even if that underwriter has already sold more than this amount in the initial sale. All members of the syndicate are responsible for any leftover shares.
???? = Joint Bond A bond signed by two or more obligors, where all the obligors must be joined if an action is brought on the bond. It is different from the joint and several bond where the obligors are, by its terms, bound both jointly and individually to pay the full amount of the bond.
???? = Mutual Fund A security that gives small investors access to a well-diversified portfolio of equities, bonds, and other securities. Each shareholder participates in the gain or loss of the fund. Shares are issued and can be redeemed as needed. The fund's net asset value (NAV) is determined each day. Each mutual fund portfolio is invested to match the objective stated in the prospectus. (Note of Collator/Reviser) In the context of China's securities market or fund market, it usually refers to the open-end corporate fund (????????).
??????? = Mutual Fund Liquidity Ratio A ratio published monthly by the Investment Company Institute that compares the amount of cash to assets held by mutual fund portfolios.
?????? = ????Joint Owned Property Any property held in the name of more than one person. Joint ownership could involve a married couple, business partners, etc.
???? = ????Joint Owned Property Any property held in the name of more than one person. Joint ownership could involve a married couple, business partners, etc.
?? = Tariffs  A taxation imposed on goods and services imported into a country. Also known as a "duty tax."
???????? = General Agreement of Tariffs and Trade (GATT) An agreement, signed in 1947, whose purpose was to promote global trade between members through a reduction in tariffs.
???? = Affiliated Person An individual who is in a position to influence the actions of a corporation. This includes people such as directors, executives, and owners.
???? = Critical Mass A very important or crucial stage in a company's development.
???? = ????|????Going Concern  A term for a company that has the resources needed in order to continue to operate. If a company is not a going concern, it means the company has gone bankrupt.
?????? = Other Current Liabilities A balance sheet entry used by companies to group together current liabilities that are not assigned to common liabilities such as debt obligations or accounts payable.
?????? = Other Current Assets A balance sheet item that includes the value of non-cash assets like prepaid expenses and accounts receivable due within one year.
?????? = Other Long Term Liabilities A balance sheet item that would include items such as remaining leases, future employee benefits, deferred taxes, and other obligations that do not currently require interest payments.
?????????? = Accretive Acquisition An acquisition that will increase the acquiring company's EPS.
????????? = Defined Benefit Pension Plan  An employer-sponsored retirement plan for which retirement benefits are based on a formula indicating the exact benefit that one can expect upon retiring. Investment risk and portfolio management are entirely under the control of the company. There are restrictions on when and how you can withdraw these funds without penalties.
????????? = Defined Contribution Plan    A retirement plan wherein a certain amount or percentage of money is set aside each year for the benefit of the employee. There are restrictions as to when and how you can withdraw these funds without penalties.
?? = Merger    The combining of two or more companies, generally by offering the stockholders of one company securities in the acquiring company in exchange for the surrender of their stock. After the merger, two companies become one.
???? = ????Merger Arbitrage A hedge fund strategy whereby the stocks of two merging companies are simultaneously bought and sold to create a riskless profit. Merger arbitrageur looks at the risk of the deal not closing on time or at all. Because of this slight uncertainty the target company's stock will typically sell at a discount to the price that the combined company has when the merger is closed.
???? = Intrinsic Value 1. The value of a company or an asset based on an underlying perception of the value. 2. For call options, this is the difference between the underlying stock's price and the strike price. For put options, it is the difference between the strike price and the underlying stock's price. In the case of both puts and calls, if the difference between the underlying stock's price and the strike price is negative, the value is given as zero.
???? = Insider Trading    The buying or selling of a security by insiders who possess material, nonpublic information about thesecurity. The act puts insiders in breach of a fiduciary duty or other relationship of trust and confidence.
???? = Insider    Any person who has or has access to valuable nonpublic information about a corporation.
???? = Insider Information Material information about a company's activities that has not been disclosed to the public.
????? = Internal Rate of Return(IRR) Often used in capital budgeting, it's the interest rate that makes net present value of all cash flow equal zero.
???? = ????Organic Growth    The growth rate of a company, excluding any growth from takeovers, acquisitions, or mergers.
????? = Internal Growth Rate The highest level of growth achievable for a business without obtaining outside financing.
???? = Internal Audit    An audit performed by a person (or persons) employed by the firm being audited.
??? = Reinsurance The process of insurance companies insuring underwritten policies with other institutions in order to offset exposure.
??? = Reinvestment Using dividends, interest, and capital gains earned in a mutual fund investment to purchase additional shares, rather than receiving the distributions in cash.
???? = Reinvestment Rate The rate at which cash flows from fixed-income securities may be reinvested.
????? = Reinvestment Risk    The risk that future proceeds will have to be reinvested at a lower potential interest rate. This term is usually heard in the context of bonds. This "reinvestment risk" is especially evident during periods of falling interest rates where the coupon payments are reinvested at less than the yield to maturity at the time of purchase.
??? = Refinance 1. When a business or person revises their payment schedule for repaying debt. 2. Replacing an older loan with a new loan offering better terms
??? = ???Net Loss When a person or company's expenses exceeds the income produced.
??? = Net Debt    Calculated as short and long term interest bearing debt minus cash (and equivalents).
?? = Net Worth The amount by which a person's assets exceed their liabilities.
???? = Net Exports    The value of total exports minus the value of total imports.
??? = Net Interest Margin    The difference between interest income and interest expenses, divided by average earning assets.
????? = Net Investment Income     The profit resulting from an investment minus any direct expenses.
??? = ???Net Loss When a person or company's expenses exceeds the income produced.
??? = Net Income (NI) An individual or company's total earnings, reflecting revenues adjusted for costs of doing business, depreciation, interest, taxes, and other expenses.
??? = Net Proceeds    The amount received after all the costs are deducted from the sale of property, a loan, or the sale of some type of security.
??? = Net Present Value (NPV) An approach used in capital budgeting where the present value of cash inflow is subtracted from the present value of cash outflows.
?????? = Return On Net Assets (RONA) A measure of a corporation's profitability, calculated as: Net Income / Shareholder's Equity.
???? = Net Sales    The amount a seller receives from the buyer after costs associated with the sale are deducted.
?? = ????Markdown    The difference between the highest current bid price among broker-dealers in the market and the lower price that a dealer charges a customer.
?? = Deleverage    The reduction of financial instruments or borrowed capital previously used to increase the potential return of an investment. It is the opposite of leverage.
???? = ????|???????????Distressed Securities    A financial instrument in a company that is near or is currently going through bankruptcy. This usually results from a company's inability to meet its financial obligations. As a result, these financial instruments have suffered a substantial reduction in value. Distressed securities can include common and preferred shares, bank debt, trade claims (goods owed) and corporate bonds.  Due to their reduction in value, distressed securities often become attractive to investors who are looking for a bargain and are willing to accept a risk. Because most of the time these companies end up filing for Chapter 11 or 7, there are substantial risks involved in investing in them. As a result of bankruptcy, equity (common shares) is rendered worthless so those who invest depressed securities look at more senior instruments such as bank debt, trade claims and bonds. The logic behind this investment is that the company's situation is not as bad as the market believes it to be and either the company will survive or there will be enough money upon liquidation to cover the original investment.
?? = ??Dilution    A reduction in earnings per share of common stock. Dilution occurs through the issuance of additional shares of common stock or the conversion of convertible securities.
????????? = Dilutive Acquisition     An acquisition that will decrease the acquiring company's EPS.
?? = Write-Down    Reducing the book value of an asset because it is overvalued compared to market values.
?????? = ?????Bearer Form A security not registered in the issuing corporation's books but is payable to its bearer (the person possessing it).
?? = Export    In reference to international trade, these are goods shipped from one country from another.
??? = ??Put1. An option contract giving the owner the right, but not the obligation, to sell a specified amount of an underlying security at a specified price within a specified time. 2.The act of exercising a put option.
?????? = ??????Put Warrant A warrant that gives the holder the right to sell the underlying share for an agreed price, on or before a specified date.
???? = ????Divestiture    Refers to the sale of a subsidiary company, also called "spin-off." (this is Goldman's explanation, which Idoubt based on the explanations from other sources)  (Only FYI) (by Investopedia) The partial or full disposal of an investment or asset through sale, exchange, closure or bankruptcy. Divestiture can be done slowly and systematically over a long period of time, or in large lots over a short time period.For a business, divestiture is the removal of assets from the books. Businesses divest by the selling of ownership stakes, the closure of subsidiaries, the bankruptcy of divisions, and so on. In personal finance, investors selling shares of a business can be said to be divesting their interests in the company being sold. ??“???|???????”??????Demerger    A corporate strategy to sell off subsidiaries or divisions of a company. "When a company hives off some of its units into a wholly-owned separate concern, which may also be listed on a stock exchange. This can occur following a number of acquisitions of a similar nature that diverge from a company's mainstream operations."Spinoff    A new, independent company created through selling or distributing new shares for an existing part of another company. See "????".
???? = ?????Floor Trader    An exchange member who executes transactions from the floor of the exchange exclusively for their own account.
?? = ??Charge Off1. A debt that is deemed uncollectable and written off. Also known as a bad debt.2. A one-time expense incurred by a company that negatively affects earnings.
?? = ????Divestiture    Refers to the sale of a subsidiary company, also called "spin-off." (this is Goldman's explanation, which Idoubt based on the explanations from other sources)  (Only FYI) (by Investopedia) The partial or full disposal of an investment or asset through sale, exchange, closure or bankruptcy. Divestiture can be done slowly and systematically over a long period of time, or in large lots over a short time period.For a business, divestiture is the removal of assets from the books. Businesses divest by the selling of ownership stakes, the closure of subsidiaries, the bankruptcy of divisions, and so on. In personal finance, investors selling shares of a business can be said to be divesting their interests in the company being sold. ??“???|???????”??????Demerger    A corporate strategy to sell off subsidiaries or divisions of a company. "When a company hives off some of its units into a wholly-owned separate concern, which may also be listed on a stock exchange. This can occur following a number of acquisitions of a similar nature that diverge from a company's mainstream operations."Spinoff    A new, independent company created through selling or distributing new shares for an existing part of another company. See "????".
???? = Carve-out(carveout/carve out/equity carve-out)1. Sometimes known as a partial spinoff, a carve out occurs when a parent company sells a minority (usually 20% or less) stake in a subsidiary for an IPO or rights offering. 2. Where an established brick-and-mortar company hooks up with venture investors and a new management team to launch an Internet spinoff.  Similar expressions: spin-off?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????“?????”?  Split-off?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????“?????”??????  Split-up??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????(liquidated)???(go out of business)????“?????”?
???? = Unbundling Taking over a large company with several different lines of business and retaining the core business while selling off the subsidiaries to help fund the takeover.
?????? = Installment Debt Debt issued with the condition of regularly occurring intervals for payment by the debtor, until the principal and interest are paid in full.
??? = Analyst    A financial professional that has expertise in evaluating investments. They are typically employed by brokerage firms, investment advisors, or mutual funds. Analysts put together buy, sell, and hold recommendations on securities. Analysts usually specialize in specific industries or sectors to allow for comprehensive research.
???? = Classified Shares The separation of company equity into more than one class of common shares, usually called "Class A" and "Class B."
?? = Stock Split    The division of a company's existing stock into more shares. In a 2-for-1 split, each stockholder would receive an additional share for each share formerly held.
?? = ??Distribution  A company's payment of cash, stock, or physical products to their shareholders.
???? = ??????Venture Capital Fund Venture capital funds pool and manage money from investors seeking private equity stakes in small and medium-size enterprises with strong growth potential.
??????? = Venture Capitalist An investor who provides capital to either start-up ventures or support small companies who wish to expand but do not have access to public funding.
???? = ????Venture Capital    Money and resources made available to startup firms and small businesses with exceptional growth potential.
???? = ????Venture Generally refers to a risky start-up or enterprise company.
????????? = ?????????|???Red Herring  A preliminary registration statement that must be filed with the SEC or provincial securities commission. It describes the issue (IPO) and the prospects of the company. here is no price or issue size stated in the red herring, and it is sometimes updated several times before being called the final prospectus. It is known as a red herring because it contains a passage in red that states the company is not attempting to sell its shares before the registration is approved by the SEC.
???? = Primary Market The market in which investors have the first opportunity to buy a newly issued security.
?? = ??|??|??Spread 1. The difference between the bid and the ask prices of a security or asset. 2. An options position established by purchasing one option and selling another option of the same class, but of a different series.
?? = ??Interest 1. The charge for the privilege of borrowing money, typically expressed as an annual percentage rate. 2. The amount of ownership a stockholder has in a company, usually expressed as a percentage.
?? = Profit  Same as net income, it is the company's total earnings less expenses.
???? = Profit Center The branch or division of a company that creates profits individually and separately from the main organization.
?????? = Profit Sharing Plan A plan wherein the employees get a share in the profits of the company. The company decides what portion of the profit will be shared. Each employee then receives, into an account, a percentage of those profits based on their earnings. There are typically restrictions as to when and how you can withdraw these funds without penalties.
??? = Profit Margin    An indicator of profitability, It is calculated as net earnings after taxes divided by revenues. Profit margin is usually displayed as a percentage.
???? = Profit Warning    When a company advises its earnings won't meet analyst expectations.
?? = Interest Rate     The monthly effective rate paid (or received if you are a creditor) on borrowed money. Expressed as a percentage of the sum borrowed.
???? = ????Interest Rate Swap A deal between banks or companies where borrowers switch floating-rate loans for fixed rate loans in another country. These can be either the same or different currencies.
???????? = Immunization A strategy that matches the durations of assets and liabilities, thereby minimizing the impact of interest rates on the net worth.
?????? = Interest Rate Parity    A theory that the interest rate differential between two countries is equal to the differential between the forward exchange rate and the spot exchange rate.
???? = ????Interest Rate Swap A deal between banks or companies where borrowers switch floating-rate loans for fixed rate loans in another country. These can be either the same or different currencies.
?? = At the Money    An option is at-the-money if the strike price of the option equals the market price of the underlying security.In the Money For a call option, in-the-money is when the option's strike price is below the market price of the underlying stock. For a put option, in-the-money is when the strike price is above the market price of the underlying stock.
?????? = ??????|????????Balloon Maturity1. A repayment schedule for a bond issue where a large number of the bonds come due at a one time (normally at the final maturity date). 2. A final loan payment that is considerably higher than prior payments.
????? = Yield To Maturity (YTM) The rate of return anticipated on a bond if it is held until the maturity date. YTM is considered a long term bond yield expressed as an annual rate. The calculation takes into account the current market price, par value, coupon interest rate, and time to maturity. It is also assumed that all coupons are reinvested at the same rate. Sometimes this is referred to as a bond's "yield" for short.
??? = Expiration Date    The day on which an options or futures contract is no longer valid and, therefore, ceases to exist.
???? = Maturity Date The date on which a bond's principal or other liability investment is repaid to the investor and interest payments stop.
???? = Forward Integration  A form of vertical integration that involves expanding a business so it directly distributes its products.
?????? = Credit Enhancement A method whereby a company attempts to improve its debt or credit worthiness. Credit enhancements take many different forms. An example of a credit enhancement would be conversion rights added on to a debt instrument in order to lower the issuing interest rate.
???? = Accelerated Depreciation Any method of depreciation used for accounting or income tax purposes that allows greater deductions in the earlier years of the life of an asset.
??????? = Weighted Average Market Capitalization    A stock market index weighted by the value of all shares outstanding for each stock.
???????? = Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC)   A calculation of a firm's cost of capital that weights each category of capital proportionately. Included in the WACC calculation are all capital sources including: common stock, preferred stock, bonds, and any other long term debt. WACC is calculated by multiplying the cost of each capital component by its proportional weighting and then summing:  Where: Re = cost of equity Rd = cost of debt E = the market value of the firm's equity D = the market value of the firm's debt V = E + D E/V = percentage of financing that is equity D/V = percentage of financing that is debt Tc = the corporate tax rate
???? = Labor Intensive    A process or industry that requires large amounts of human effort to produce goods.
?? = Appreciation    The increase in value of an asset.
????? = Semi-Variable Cost    A cost composed of a mixture of fixed and variable components. Costs are fixed for a set level of production or consumption, becoming variable after the level is exceeded.
?? = Semi-annual    An event that occurs twice in a calendar year.
??? = ???????Work in Progress (work-in-progress)    Uncompleted work that has already incurred a capital investment from the company.
???? = Synergy   Used mostly in the context of mergers and acquisitions, synergy is the idea that the value and performance of two companies combined will be greater than the sum of the separate individual parts.
???? = Pure Play A company devoted to one line of business, or a company whose stock price is highly correlated with the fortunes of a specific investing theme or strategy.
???? = Unit Trust (UT) An un-incorporated mutual fund structure that allows funds to hold assets and pass through profits to the individual owners, rather than reinvest profits back into the fund.
???????? = Board Lot A term used when describing a standard number of shares in trading stocks, usually 100.
???? = Vanilla Option An normal option with no special or unusual features.
?? = Sell 1. A recommendation to sell a particular security. 2. The process of liquidating an asset in exchange for money.
???? = Selling Hedge A hedging strategy used in futures markets whereby the sale of futures contracts are meant to offset a long underlying commodity position.
?????? = Oligopsony Similar to an oligopoly, but where a small number of large buyers (not sellers) control a large proportion of the market and drive prices down.
???? = Seller's Market A market condition characterized by a shortage of goods available for sale.
?? = ??Put1. An option contract giving the owner the right, but not the obligation, to sell a specified amount of an underlying security at a specified price within a specified time. 2.The act of exercising a put option.
?? = Selling Short The selling of a security that the seller does not own, or any sale that is completed by the delivery of a security borrowed by the seller. Short sellers assume that they will be able to buy the stock at a lower amount than the price at which they sold short.Short Selling The selling of a security that the seller does not own, or any sale that is completed by the delivery of a security borrowed by the seller. Short sellers assume that they will be able to buy the stock at a lower amount than the price at which they sold short.
??? = Stamp Duty An ad-valorem or flat rate charged upon certain documents.
???? = Annuity Due An annuity whose payment is to be made immediately, rather than at the end of the period.
???? = Spot Trade The purchase and sale of a foreign currency or commodity for immediate delivery.
???? = ??????Demand Note    A loan with no fixed term or set duration of repayment. It can be recalled upon the lenders request, assuming the notice required by the provisions of the loan is met.
???? = Stress Testing    Simulative techniques used on asset and liability portfolios to determine their reactions to different financial stresses.
???? = Reference Rate The underlying index or rate upon which a floating-rate security is based.
???? = Just In Time A production strategy companies employ to increase efficiency and decrease waste by producing goods only as they are ordered or needed.
???? = Duopoly     A situation in which two companies own all or nearly all of the market for a given type of product or service.
?????? = Double Dip Recession When the gross domestic product (GDP) growth slides back to negative after a quarter or two of brief positive growth. In other words, a recession followed by a short-lived recovery, followed by another recession.
???? = Double Taxing    A tax law that results in the same earnings being subjected to taxation twice. A company's income is taxed initially and then the shareholders and investors are taxed on the distributions they receive from the company.
???? = Double Dipping    For brokerage firms, when a broker puts commissioned products into a fee-based account. The broker makes money from both the client and the commission.
???? = Reversed takeover1. When a larger company is bought out by a smaller company. 2. The purchasing of a public company by a private company.
???? = Anti-trust    The antitrust laws apply to virtually all industries and to every level of business, including manufacturing, transportation, distribution, and marketing. They prohibit a variety of practices that restrain trade. Examples of illegal practices are price-fixing conspiracies, corporate mergers likely to reduce the competitive vigor of particular markets, and predatory acts designed to achieve or maintain monopoly power.
???? = ????Churning  1. An unethical practice employed by some brokers to increase their commissions by excessively trading in a client's account. This practice violates the NASD Fair Practice Rules. It is also referred to as "churn and burn", "twisting" and "overtrading".  2. A period of heavy trading with few sustained price trends and little movement in stock market indexes.
?? = ??|????Rally    A rise in the prices of individual securities, bonds, or indexes, following a period of flat or declining prices.
????? = ?????Anti-dilution Provision A provision in an option or a convertible security. It protects an investor from dilution resulting from later issues of stock at a lower price than the investor originally paid.
????? = Anti-takeover Measure    Measures taken on a continual or sporadic basis by a firm's management in order to prevent or deter unwanted takeovers.
????? = Anti-takeover Statute     A set of state regulations that prevent or deter companies from attempting hostile takeovers. These regulations vary across state lines and typically affect only the companies incorporated within the state.
????? = ?????Anti-dilution Provision A provision in an option or a convertible security. It protects an investor from dilution resulting from later issues of stock at a lower price than the investor originally paid.
????? = Disinflation A slowing of the rate at which prices increase. Typically, this occurs during a recession as sales drop and retailers are not able to pass on higher prices to customers.
???? = Development Stage    A company that is focusing a majority of its attention on research &amp; development. Because attention is focused on research, earnings are usually very small or nothing.
?? = ??Flotation     The process of changing a private company into a public company by issuing shares and soliciting the public to purchase them. By doing an IPO, the company is able to obtain financing from sources outside of its regular business. This helps finance projects that return the founder's initial investment. It is also known as "going public."
??? = Issuer     The entity, such as a corporation or municipality, that offers (or proposes to offer) its securities for sale.
????? = Offering Memorandum    A legal document stating the objectives, risks, and terms of investment involved with a private placement.
???? = Flotation Cost   The costs associated with the issuance of new securities.
?????? = ??????Offering Circular An abbreviated prospectus for a new security listing. Delivered to individuals and brokerage houses, these documents are issued to arouse interest in the new issue. An offering circular allows investors to access information regarding a new issue. It provides them with the important highlights without having them actually read the long-form prospectus. After the investor becomes interested, it is crucial that they read the final prospectus in order to view all the details that may have been left out of the offering circular.
????? = ??????Offering Circular An abbreviated prospectus for a new security listing. Delivered to individuals and brokerage houses, these documents are issued to arouse interest in the new issue. An offering circular allows investors to access information regarding a new issue. It provides them with the important highlights without having them actually read the long-form prospectus. After the investor becomes interested, it is crucial that they read the final prospectus in order to view all the details that may have been left out of the offering circular.
??? = ???Sponsor  1. In the context of mutual funds, an underwriting company that offers shares in its mutual funds. Many investors look for wide sponsorship in a stock before investing, believing that the endorsement of well-known investors add a measure of safety to their investment decisions.  2. In the context of stocks, an influential investor who creates demand for a security because of their positive outlook on it. An underwriter must sponsor a mutual fund issue for investors to have access to it. 3. In the context of exchange-traded funds (ETFs), the fund manager or other entity who files the needed regulatory materials with the SEC to create an ETF. The sponsor also solicits and approves an authorized participant to create and redeem ETF shares. The sponsor of an ETF is essentially the managerial body of the ETF and brings together the needed parties and regulatory framework to establish the ETF.
??? = Fiduciary A person legally appointed and authorized to hold assets in trust for another person. The fiduciary manages the assets for the benefit of the other person rather than for his/her own profits.Trustee An individual who holds or manages assets for the benefit of another.
????? = Dependent A person who relies on someone else for financial support. The taxpayer supporting the dependent is allowed to claim dependency exemptions.
????? = Impaired Credit    The deterioration of a borrower's credit rating.
????? = Impaired Asset    An asset with a market value that is worth less than its book value.
??? = Beneficiary  A person or entity named in a will or financial contract to be an inheritor of someone's property when the property owner dies.
??? = Beneficial Owner    A person or firm that benefits from owning an asset even though they are not registered as a shareholder.
??????? = Regulated Investment Company (RIC) A mutual fund or real estate investment trust that is eligible to pass the taxes on capital gains, dividends, or interest payments onto the clients or individual investors.
??? = Rate of Change (ROC) The speed at which a variable changes over a specific period of time.
???? = ????Liquidity    1. The degree to which an asset or security can be bought or sold in the market without affecting the asset's price. Liquidity is characterized by a high level of trading activity. 2.The ability to convert an asset to cash quickly.
????? = Classical Economics Classical Economics refers to work done by a group of economists in the 18th and 19th centuries. They developed theories about the way markets and market economies work. The study was primarily concerned with the dynamics of economic growth. It stressed economic freedom and promoted ideas such as laissez-faire and free competition.
?????? = ?????????Callable Preferred Stock A type of preferred stock that carries the provision that the issuer has the right to call in the stock at a certain price and retire it.
????? = ????????|????????Callable Bond A bond that can be redeemed by the issuer prior to its maturity. Usually a premium is paid to the bond owner when the bond is called. Also known as a "redeemable bond". The main cause of a call is a decline in interest rates. If interest rates have declined since a company first issued the bonds, it will likely want to refinance this debt at a lower rate of interest. In this case, company will call its current bonds and reissue them at a lower rate of interest.
??? = Fungibility The interchangeability of listed options, futures contracts, and other instruments dependent upon identical terms.
????? = Fungibles    Goods, securities, or instruments that are equivalent and, therefore, are interchangeable.
????? = Exchangeable Debt Similar to convertibles, except this type of debt can be converted into the shares of a company other than the issuer (usually a subsidiary).
????? = Exchangeable Security    A security that grants its holder the right to exchange it for the common stock of a firm other than the issuer. It is often used in takeovers.
????? = ?????|????Marketable Securities Very liquid securities that can be converted into cash quickly at a reasonable price.
?????? = Variable Life Insurance Policy  A life insurance contract that provides financial compensation to the named beneficiaries in the event of the insured's death. The insurance company guarantees payment of a minimum amount plus an additional sum according to the performance of a separate account, usually invested in equities or other relatively high-yielding securities.
???? = Variable Cost    A cost that changes in proportion to a change in a company's activity or business.
????? = ????????Put Bond    A bond that allows the holder to force the issuer to repurchase the security at specified dates before maturity. The repurchase price is set at the time of issue, and is usually par value. Bondholders have the option of putting bonds back to the issuer either once during the lifetime of the bond (known as a one-time put bond), or on a number of different dates. Of course, the special advantages of put bonds mean that some yield must be sacrificed. This type of bond is also known as a multi-maturity bond, an option tender bond, a variable rate demand obligation (VRDO).
????? = ?????Extendable Bond A bond issue with a maturity that can be extended to a longer period at the option of the issuer.
????? = ?????Extendable Bond A bond issue with a maturity that can be extended to a longer period at the option of the issuer.
?????? = Sustainable Growth Rate The maximum growth rate that a firm can sustain without having to increase financial leverage.  Calculated as: ROE x (1 - dividend-payout ratio)
????????? = ?????????Callable Preferred Stock A type of preferred stock that carries the provision that the issuer has the right to call in the stock at a certain price and retire it.
???????? = ????????Put Bond    A bond that allows the holder to force the issuer to repurchase the security at specified dates before maturity. The repurchase price is set at the time of issue, and is usually par value. Bondholders have the option of putting bonds back to the issuer either once during the lifetime of the bond (known as a one-time put bond), or on a number of different dates. Of course, the special advantages of put bonds mean that some yield must be sacrificed. This type of bond is also known as a multi-maturity bond, an option tender bond, a variable rate demand obligation (VRDO).?????????|????????Callable Bond A bond that can be redeemed by the issuer prior to its maturity. Usually a premium is paid to the bond owner when the bond is called. Also known as a "redeemable bond". The main cause of a call is a decline in interest rates. If interest rates have declined since a company first issued the bonds, it will likely want to refinance this debt at a lower rate of interest. In this case, company will call its current bonds and reissue them at a lower rate of interest.
????? = Disposable Income    The amount of after-tax income that is available to divide between spending and personal savings.
???? = ????|????Negotiable    1. Describing the price of a good or security that is not firmly established. You will often hear the term "negotiable" in reference to the purchase price of a particular good. The term states that the asking price is not set in stone and can be adjusted depending on the circumstance.  2. Describing a good or security whose ownership is easily transferable from one party to another. Most securities are negotiable, which means that they can be easily transferred from one party to the next, provided all proper documentation is included. An example of a negotiable instrument would be a certificate of deposit. These can be easily bought and sold between different parties. Also known as "marketable", "transferable" or "un-registered".
???? = ????|????Negotiable    1. Describing the price of a good or security that is not firmly established. You will often hear the term "negotiable" in reference to the purchase price of a particular good. The term states that the asking price is not set in stone and can be adjusted depending on the circumstance.  2. Describing a good or security whose ownership is easily transferable from one party to another. Most securities are negotiable, which means that they can be easily transferred from one party to the next, provided all proper documentation is included. An example of a negotiable instrument would be a certificate of deposit. These can be easily bought and sold between different parties. Also known as "marketable", "transferable" or "un-registered".
??????? = Discretionary Income The amount of an individual's income available for spending after the essentials have been taken care of.
???? = Invisible Supply    Stocks of commodity that are available for delivery upon futures contracts, but whose quantities cannot be accurately identified.
?????? = Convertible Preferred Stock    Preferred stock that can be converted into common stock at the option of the holder.
????? = Convertible Bond  bond that can be converted into a predetermined amount of the company's equity at certain times during its life. Convertibles are sometimes called CVs.
????????? = Convertible Debenture    Any type of debenture that can be converted into some other securities.
??????? = Convertible Subordinated Note A short-term debt security (note), which can be changed into common stock (convertible) and ranks below other loans (subordinate).
????? = Convertibles Securities, usually bonds or preferred shares, which can be converted into common stock. Convertibles are ideal for investors demanding greater potential for appreciation than bonds give and higher income than common stocks offer.
???? = ????|????Negotiable    1. Describing the price of a good or security that is not firmly established. You will often hear the term "negotiable" in reference to the purchase price of a particular good. The term states that the asking price is not set in stone and can be adjusted depending on the circumstance.  2. Describing a good or security whose ownership is easily transferable from one party to another. Most securities are negotiable, which means that they can be easily transferred from one party to the next, provided all proper documentation is included. An example of a negotiable instrument would be a certificate of deposit. These can be easily bought and sold between different parties. Also known as "marketable", "transferable" or "un-registered".
???????? = ????????|????????Callable Bond A bond that can be redeemed by the issuer prior to its maturity. Usually a premium is paid to the bond owner when the bond is called. Also known as a "redeemable bond". The main cause of a call is a decline in interest rates. If interest rates have declined since a company first issued the bonds, it will likely want to refinance this debt at a lower rate of interest. In this case, company will call its current bonds and reissue them at a lower rate of interest.
???? = ????Merger Arbitrage A hedge fund strategy whereby the stocks of two merging companies are simultaneously bought and sold to create a riskless profit. Merger arbitrageur looks at the risk of the deal not closing on time or at all. Because of this slight uncertainty the target company's stock will typically sell at a discount to the price that the combined company has when the merger is closed.
?????? = Synthetic Put An investment strategy of short selling a security and entering a long position on its call.
??????? = Synthetic Collateralized Debt Obligation An artificial collateralized debt obligation that is backed by a pool of credit derivatives.
???? = Synthetic Lease   An operating lease that is structured in a way so that it is not recorded as a liability on the balance sheet. Instead, it is considered to be an expense on the income statement.
???? = ????Joint Venture The cooperation of two or more individuals or businesses in a specific enterprise, each agreeing to share profit, loss, and control.
???????? = Qualified Institutional Buyer (QIB) Primarily referring to institutions that manage at least $100 million in securities including banks, savings and loans institutions, insurance companies, investment companies, employee benefit plans, or an entity owned entirely by qualified investors. Also included are registered broker-dealers owning and investing, on a discretionary basis, $10 million in securities of non-affiliates.
???? = ????Joint Venture The cooperation of two or more individuals or businesses in a specific enterprise, each agreeing to share profit, loss, and control.
???? = Pari Passu Two securities or obligations with equal rights to payment. The term is Latin and translates to: "without partiality."
???? = ????|????Class Action An action where an individual represents a group in a court claim. The judgment from the suit is for all the members of the group (class).
???? = Nominal Interest Rate The interest rate unadjusted for inflation.
????? = Nominal Yield The interest rate stated on the face of a bond, it represents the percentage of interest to be paid by the issuer on the face value of the bond.
???? = Dummy Shareholder A person who holds shares in his or her name, but the shares are really owned by someone else.
???? = ????Dummy Director    A person on a company's board of directors who votes and acts on the wishes of a non-board member.
???? = ????|????|????Back Office Administration and support personnel in a financial services company. They carry out functions like: settlements, clearances, record maintenance, regulatory compliance, accounting, etc.
?? = ????|????|????Back Office Administration and support personnel in a financial services company. They carry out functions like: settlements, clearances, record maintenance, regulatory compliance, accounting, etc.
???? = Follow-on/Subsequent Offering    An offering of additional shares after a company has had an initial public offering.
???? = Last In First Out (LIFO) A inventory management and valuation method whereby products acquired last are the ones sold first. In a period of rising prices, this method yields a lower ending inventory, a higher cost of goods sold, a lower gross profit (assuming constant price), and a lower taxable income.
???? = ????Back Door Listing    A strategy of going public used by a company that fails to meet the criteria for listing on a stock exchange. To get onto the exchange, the company desiring to go public acquires an already-listed company.
?? = ??Bad Debt    A debt which is not collectable and therefore worthless to the creditor.
????? = Allowance For Doubtful Accounts    An estimation made by companies and documented on their balance sheet for receivables that might go uncollected.
??? = ???Letter of Comfort A letter issued to a lending institution by a parent company acknowledging the approval of a subsidiary company's attempt for financing.
?????? = Employee Contribution Plan A company sponsored retirement plan where employees make deposits (contributions) to an account. Contributions are deducted from employee's pay, and some companies match payments.
????? = Cyclical Unemployment Unemployment resulting from changes in the business cycle.
????? = Cyclical Stock    Used to describe a stock that rises quickly when economic growth is strong, and falls rapidly when growth is slowing down.
????? = Cyclical Industry A term describing an industry that is sensitive to the business cycle and price changes. Many cyclical industries produce durable goods such as raw materials and heavy equipment.
??? = ???Turnover 1. In accounting, the number of times an asset is replaced during a financial period. Often used in terms of inventory or accounts receivable turnover. 2. In the context of securities, for either a portfolio or exchange, the number of shares traded for a period as a percentage of the total shares.
???? = Sell-Out    When a broker or investor buying stocks has failed to settle the trade in a timely matter and, consequently, the broker can forcibly sell the securities on the investor’s behalf.
??????B2B) = Business to Business (B2B)     Business conducted between companies, rather than between a company and individual consumers.
???? = ????Venture Generally refers to a risky start-up or enterprise company.
?????????? = Commercial Mortgage Backed Security (CMBS)     Similar to a Mortgage Backed Security, but secured by loans with commercial instead of residential property.
???? = Commercial Paper    An unsecured, short-term loan issued by a corporation, typically for financing accounts receivable and inventories. Maturities on commercial paper rarely range any longer than 270 days. The debt is usually issued at a discount, reflecting prevailing market interest rates. Commercial paper is not usually backed by any form of collateral, so only firms with high-quality debt ratings will easily find buyers without having to offer a substantial discount (higher cost) for the debt issue. A major benefit of commercial paper is that it does not need to be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as long as it matures before nine months (270 days), making it a very cost-effective means of financing. The proceeds from this type of financing can only be used on current assets (inventories) and are not allowed to be used on fixed assets, such as a new plant, without SEC involvement.
???? = Commercial Bank    A financial institution that provides services such as a accepting deposits and giving business loans.
???? = Merchant Bank    A bank which deals mostly in (but is not limited to) international finance, long term loans to companies, and underwriting. Merchant banks do not provide normal banking services to the general public.
?? = Commodity    Any bulk good traded on an exchange or in the cash market.
????????? = Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)     A U.S. federal agency established by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission Act of 1974. It ensures the open and efficient operation of the futures markets. There are five futures markets commissioners who are appointed by the president (subject to Senate approval).
?? = Goodwill    The excess of the purchase price over the fair market value of an asset. Accountants record this as a "write off" in the financial report. An account that can be found in the assets portion of a company's balance sheet. Goodwill can often arise when one company is purchased by another company. In an acquisition, the amount paid for the company over book value usually accounts for the target firm's intangible assets. Goodwill is seen as an intangible asset on the balance sheet because it is not a physical asset such as buildings and equipment. Goodwill typically reflects the value of intangible assets such as a strong brand name, good customer relations, good employee relations and any patents or proprietary technology.
?? = Return    The gain or loss for a security in a particular period, consisting of income plus capital gains relative to investment. It is usually quoted as a percentage.
?? = Buy Back The buying back of outstanding shares (repurchase) by a company in order to reduce the number of shares on the market. Companies will buy back shares either to increase the value of shares still available (reducing supply), or to eliminate any threats by shareholders who may be looking for a controlling stake. A buyback is a method for company to invest in itself since they can't own themselves. Thus, buybacks reduce the number of shares outstanding on the market which increases the proportion of shares the company owns. Buybacks can be carried out in two ways: 1. Shareholders may be presented with a tender offer whereby they have the option to submit (or tender) a portion or all of their shares within a certain time frame and at a premium to the current market price. This premium compensates investors for tendering their shares rather than holding on to them.2. Companies buy back shares on the open market over an extended period of time.
???? = Share Repurchase    A company's plan to buy back its own shares from the marketplace, reducing the number of outstanding shares. Typically, this is an indication that the company's management thinks the shares are undervalued.
?????????????????)???? = ?????????????????)????Leakage    A release of information to certain people before the official public announcement; loss of value of a certain intellectual property due to unauthorized reproduction.
???? = Ring Fence A strategy where an investor isolates a certain amount of money from any outside risk. It is mainly used by offshore investors.
???????? = Fixed Interest Rate (mortgage) A loan or mortgage with an interest rate that will remain at a certain rate for the entire term of the loan.
???? = Fixed Annuity An insurance contract in which the insurance company makes fixed dollar payments to the annuitant for the term of the contract, usually until the annuitant dies. The insurance company guarantees both earnings and principal.
???? = Fixed Cost A cost that remains constant, regardless of any change in a company's activity.
?????? = Fixed Income Security An investment that provides a return in the form of fixed periodic payments and eventual return of principle at maturity.
???????? = Fixed-Charge Coverage Ratio The ratio of earnings before interest and taxes plus fixed charges (before tax), divided by the fixed charges plus interest. This ratio indicates a firm's ability to satisfy fixed financing expenses, such as interest and leases.
???? = Fixed Asset Tangible property, owned by a firm, that is used in the production of its income, but not expected to be consumed or converted into cash.
?????? = Net Domestic Product An annual measure of the economic output of a nation, adjusted to account for depreciation. You can calculate this by subtracting depreciation from the gross domestic product (GDP).
?????? = Gross Domestic Product (GDP) The monetary value of all the goods and services produced by an economy over a specified period. It includes consumption, government purchases, investments, and exports minus imports.
???? = Foreign Bond    Bonds that are issued in a domestic market by a foreign entity, in the domestic market's currency.
?????? = Sovereign Risk The risk that a foreign government will default on a loan because of a change in national policy.
???? = Crown Corporation Any corporation that is established and regulated by a country's government.
????????? = National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD) A self-regulatory organization of the securities industry responsible for the operation and regulation of the Nasdaq stock market and over-the-counter markets. They also administrate exams for investment professionals, such as the series 7 exam.
??????????????? = ???????????????National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System (Nasdaq)   Created in 1971, the Nasdaq was the world's first electronic stock market. The Nasdaq is a computerized system that facilitates trading and provides price quotations on some 5,000 of the more actively traded over-the-counter stocks.
???? = Country Risk    The risk that a country will not be able to honor its financial commitments.
??? = Treasury Bond A marketable, fixed-interest U.S. Government debt security with a maturity over 10 years.
?????? = International Accounting Standards A set of standards stating how particular types of transactions and other events should be reflected in financial statements. International Accounting Standards (IAS) are issued by the Board of the International Accounting Standards Committee (IASC).
???? = International Bond    Bonds that are issued in a country by a non-domestic entity.
???? = International Fund A mutual fund that can invest in companies located anywhere outside of your own country.
?????? = Balance Of Payments (BOP) A record of all transactions made by one particular country during a certain period of time. It compares the amount of economic activity between a country and all other countries.
?????? = Bank for International Settlements (BIS) The BIS is an international organization fostering the cooperation of central banks and international financial institutions.
?????? = alance Of Trade (BOT) The largest component of a country's balance of payments. It is the difference between exports and imports. Debit items include imports, foreign aid, domestic spending abroad and domestic investments abroad. Credit items include exports, foreign spending in the domestic economy, and foreign investments in the domestic economy.
???????? = Property, Plant and Equipment (PP&amp;E)  A company asset that is vital to business operations but cannot be easily liquidated. The value of property, plant and equipment is typically depreciated over the estimated life of the asset, because even the longest-term assets become obsolete or useless after a period of time. Depending on the nature of a company's business, the total value of PP&amp;E can range from very low to extremely high compared to total assets. International accounting standard 16 deals with the accounting treatment of PP&amp;E. An example of a business with a high amounts of PP&amp;E would be a shipping company, because most of its assets would be tied into its fleet of ships and administrative buildings. On the other hand, a management consulting firm would have less PP&amp;E, because a consultant would only need a computer and an office in a building to run its operations. This item is listed separately in most financial statements because PP&amp;E is treated differently in accounting statements. This is because improvements, replacements and betterments can pose accounting issues depending on how the costs are recorded.
?????? = ??????Conveyance A written instrument, such as a deed or lease, that transfers some ownership interest in real property from one person to another.
??????? = ???????Regional Stock Exchange Any exchange that resides beyond the country's main financial center.
?? = ?|?|??|??Lot  In general, any group of goods or services making up a transaction.
??????? = ???????Regional Stock Exchange Any exchange that resides beyond the country's main financial center.
?? = ?|?|??|??Lot  In general, any group of goods or services making up a transaction.
????? = ?????Floor Trader    An exchange member who executes transactions from the floor of the exchange exclusively for their own account.
???? = Curb Trading    Trading that occurs outside of general market regulations, commonly through computers or telephones after the official exchanges have closed.
?????? = Over-The-Counter (OTC) A security which is not traded on an exchange, usually due to an inability to meet listing requirements. For such securities, brokers/dealers negotiate directly with one another over computer networks and by phone. The NASD carefully monitors their activities.
?? = Equilibrium The state where market supply and demand balance each other and, therefore, prices are stable. Generally, when there is too much supply for goods or services, the price goes down, which results in higher demand. The balancing effect of supply and demand results in a state of equilibrium.
?? = ??Bad Debt    A debt which is not collectable and therefore worthless to the creditor.
???? = Firm commitment    1. A lending institution's promise to enter into a loan agreement with a specific entity, within a certain period of time. 2. An underwriter's agreement to assume all inventory risk and purchase all securities directly from the issuer for sale to the public at the price specified.
???? = ?????Junk Bond A bond purchased for speculative purposes. They are usually rated BB or lower, and they have a higher default risk.
?? = ??Monopoly  A situation in which a single company owns all or nearly all of the market for a given type of product or service. For a strict academic definition, a monopoly is a market containing a single firm.
???????????? = Earnout    A contractual provision where the seller of a business obtains additional consideration based on the business achieving certain financial goals in the future. These goals are usually stated as a percentage of gross sales or earnings. The financial goals are usually stated as a percentage of gross sales or earnings. Say an entrepreneur selling a business is asking $2,000,000 based on projected earnings, but the buyer is willing to pay only $1,000,000 based on historical performance. An earnout provision structures the deal so that the entrepreneur receives more than the buyer's offer only if the business achieves a certain level of earnings. The exact numbers would depend upon the business, but in this example a simplified provision might set the purchase price at $1,000,000 plus 5% of gross sales over the next three years. The earnout thereby helps eliminate uncertainty for the buyer.
?? = Benchmark    Anything that serves as a standard for something's performance to be measured against.
???? = Benchmark Bond    A bond that provides a standard for comparing the performance of other bonds. Government bonds are almost always used as benchmark bonds.
???? = ????Capital Expenditure    Funds used by a company to acquire or upgrade physical assets such as property, industrial buildings, or equipment.
???? = Base Period    A particular time period used for comparative purposes when measuring economic data.
????? = Fundamental Analysis   A method of evaluating securities by attempting to measure the intrinsic value of a particular stock. Fundamental analysts study everything from the overall economy and industry conditions, to the financial condition and management of companies.
?? = Basis Point (BP)     A measure of a bond's yield, equal to 1/100th of 1% of yield. A bond whose yield increases from 5.0% to 5.5% is said to increase by 50 basis points.
???? = ????|??|????Underlying  1.In derivatives, the security that must be delivered if a derivative contract, such as a put or call option, is exercised.  2. In equities, the common stock that must be delivered when a warrant is exercised, or when a convertible bond or convertible preferred share is converted to common stock.  The price of the underlying is the main factor that determines prices of derivative securities, warrants and convertibles. Thus, a change in an underlying results in a simultaneous change in the price of the derivative asset that is linked to it. In most cases, the underlying is a security such as a stock (in the case of options) or a commodity (in the case of futures).
???? = Infrastructure    The basic physical systems of a nation.
?????? = Funds of Funds    A mutual fund which invests in other mutual funds.
???? = Fund Manager    The person responsible for investing of a mutual fund's assets, implementing its investment strategy, and managing in day-to-day portfolio trading.
?? = Offshore    A term describing entities located or based outside of one's national boundaries.
?? = Value-Added    The enhancement a company gives its product or service before offering the product to customers.
?????? = Overcollateralization    The posting of more collateral than is needed.
?? = Write-Up    Increasing the book value of an asset because it is undervalued compared to market values.
???? = Growth Fund    A diversified portfolio of stocks that has capital appreciation as its primary goal. It invests in companies that reinvest their earnings for expansion, acquisitions, or research and development.
??? = Growth Rates    The compounded annualized rate of growth of a company's revenues, earnings, dividends, or other figures.
???? = Growth Stock    Shares in a company whose earnings are expected to grow at an above average rate relative to the market.
?? = Disposition  Getting rid of an asset or security through a direct sale or some other method.
?? = ??Pro Forma A Latin term that translates into "for the sake of form." In the investing world, the term describes a method of calculating financial results in order to emphasize either current or projected figures.
???? = Pro Forma Earnings Earnings that are derived by pro forma rather than standard GAAP methods.
??????? = Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR)  The year over year growth rate of an investment over a specified period of time. Calculated by taking the nth root of the total percentage growth rate where n is the number of years in the period beingconsidered. This can be written as: (Current Value/Base Value)^(1/# of years) - 1.
?? = Outsourcing  A practice used by different companies to reduce costs by transferring portions of work to outside suppliers rather than completing it internally.
?????? = ??????Foreign Direct Investment (FDI)   An investment abroad, usually where the company being invested in is controlled by the foreign corporation.
?????? = ??????Foreign Direct Investment (FDI)   An investment abroad, usually where the company being invested in is controlled by the foreign corporation.
???? = Extrinsic Value The difference between the option value and the intrinsic value.
???? = Foreign Currency Effects The extent to which the changes in a foreign currency affects the return on a foreign investment.
?? = Foreign Exchange/Forex/FX The common term for the foreign exchange market. Brokerage firms and banks are connected over an electronic network that allows them to convert the currencies of most countries.
???? = Exchange Rate The price of one country's currency expressed in another country's currency. In other words, the rate at which one currency can be exchanged for another.
???? = Outside Director Any member of a company's board of directors who is not an employee or stakeholder in the company.
??? = Diversification   A risk management technique that mixes a wide variety of investments within a portfolio. It is designed to minimize the impact of any one security on overall portfolio performance.
???????? = Diversified Common Stock Fund A mutual fund that invests its assets in a wide range of common stocks. The fund's objectives can be growth, income, or a combination of both.
???? = Majority Shareholder A person or conglomerate who owns more than 50% of the outstanding shares for a corporation.
???? = Block Trade The sale or purchase of a large quantity of securities.
?????????? = ??????????Bear Raid An illegal practice whereby investors attempt to push the price of a stock lower by taking large short positions and spreading unfavorable rumors about the target firm.
?????? = ??????Wholesale Banking Banking services between merchant banks and other financial institutions.
????? = Angel Investor    A financial backer providing venture capital funds for small startups or entrepreneurs.
???? = Act of God Bond     A bond issued by an insurance company, linking principal and interest to the company's losses due to natural disasters.
?? = ??|??????Out of the Money1. For a call, when an option's strike price is higher than the market price of the underlying stock. 2. For a put, when the strike price is below the market price of the underlying stock.  Cf. in the money
?? = ??Position    The amount of a security either owned (long position) or borrowed (short position) by an individual or by a dealer.
???? = Mezzanine Financing 1. A type of equity financing used in takeovers. It uses preferred shares and convertible securities to make a target firm larger. 2. Financing that combines debt and equity.
?? = Covenant  A promise in an indenture, or any other formal debt agreement, that certain activities will or will not be carried out.Indenture  A contract between an issuer of bonds and the bondholder stating the time period for re-payment, amount of interest paid, if the bond is convertible (and if so, at what price or what ratio), and the amount of money that is to be re-paid.
???? = ????|??????|????Hedge Fund    An aggressively managed portfolio taking positions on safe and speculative opportunities. Most hedge funds are limited to a maximum of 100 investors. For the most part, hedge funds are unregulated because it is assumed the people investing in these are very sophisticated and wealthy.
???? = ????|??????|????Hedge Fund    An aggressively managed portfolio taking positions on safe and speculative opportunities. Most hedge funds are limited to a maximum of 100 investors. For the most part, hedge funds are unregulated because it is assumed the people investing in these are very sophisticated and wealthy.
?????? = ????|??????|????Hedge Fund    An aggressively managed portfolio taking positions on safe and speculative opportunities. Most hedge funds are limited to a maximum of 100 investors. For the most part, hedge funds are unregulated because it is assumed the people investing in these are very sophisticated and wealthy.
?? = Arbitrage    The simultaneous purchase and selling of a security in order to profit from a differential in the price. This usually takes place on different exchanges or market places.
?????? = Arbitrage Trading Program (ATP)     A program used to simultaneously place orders for stock index futures and the underlying stocks. The ATP attempts to exploit price variations (Market Arbitrage).
???? = Arbitrage Bond    A lower-rate debt security issued by a municipality prior to the call date of the municipality's existing higher-rate security.
?????? = Arbitrage Pricing Theory (APT)     An alternative to the CAPM, APT differs in its assumptions and explanation of risk factors associated with the risk of an asset.
?? = ???Monetize    1. To convert into money.   2. To convert from securities into currency that can be used to purchase goods and services.
??? = Trustor An individual or organization that gifts funds or assets to others by transferring fiduciary duty to a third party trustee that will maintain the assets for the benefit of the beneficiaries
???? = ??????Discretionary Account An account that allows a broker to buy and sell securities without the client's consent.
??? = ????Subsidiary A company owned by another company that controls more than 50% of its voting stock.
????? = Bullet Trade The act of purchasing an "in the money" put option so that the buyer can capitalize on a bear market by effectively shorting a stock without waiting for an uptick.
??????? = ???????Depository Trust Company (DTC)    One of the world's largest securities depositories, it holds in excess of $10 trillion worth of securities in custody. The DTC acts like a clearing house to settle trades in corporate and municipal securities.
???? = ???????Depository Trust Company (DTC)    One of the world's largest securities depositories, it holds in excess of $10 trillion worth of securities in custody. The DTC acts like a clearing house to settle trades in corporate and municipal securities.
???? = ????Depository Receipt A negotiable financial instrument issued by a bank to represents a foreign company's publicly traded securities. The depository receipt trades on a local stock exchange.
??????? = Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (DTCC)    Established in 1999, the DTCC is a holding company consisting of 5 clearing corporations and 1 depository, making it the world's largest financial services corporation dealing in post trade transactions.
?? = ??|???Deposit 1. A transaction involving a transfer of funds to another party for safekeeping.  2.A portion of funds that is used as security or collateral for the delivery of a good or for the performance of a contract.
??? = Certificate Of Deposit (CD) A savings certificate entitling the bearer to receive interest. A CD bears a maturity date, a specified interest rate, and can be issued in any denomination. CDs are generally issued by commercial banks.
?? = ??Inventory Inventory can be either raw materials, finished items already available for sale, or goods in the process of being manufactured. Inventory is recorded as an asset on a company's balance sheet.
??????? = ????|????|?????Quarter (Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4) A three-month period on a financial calendar that acts as a basis for the reporting of earnings and the paying of dividends.
?????? = Flight to Quality When investors move their capital to the safest possible investment vehicle. It is usually caused by uncertainty in the financial markets.
??? = ???Letter of Comfort A letter issued to a lending institution by a parent company acknowledging the approval of a subsidiary company's attempt for financing.
???? = Quiet Filing The name given to an IPO filing where important details are intentionally excluded. Sent to the SEC in order to begin the process of issuing a new security, these details must be submitted through amendments. This form of filing generally takes longer than the conventional methods.
???? = Perfect Competition     A market structure in which: 1.All firms sell an identical product. 2. All firms are price takers. 3. All firms have a relatively small market share. 4. Buyers know the nature of the product being sold and the prices charged by each firm. 5. The industry is characterized by freedom of entry and exit.  Sometimes referred to as "pure competition". Perfect competition is a theoretical market structure. It is primarily used as a benchmark against which other market structures are compared. The industry that best reflects perfect competition in real life is the agricultural industry.
???? = Macroeconomics    The field of economics that studies the behavior of the economy as a whole.
? = ?|?|??|??Lot  In general, any group of goods or services making up a transaction.
???? = Pricing Power    An economic term referring to the effect that a change in a firm's product price has on the quantity demanded of that product. Pricing power ties in with the "Price Elasticity of Demand."
???? = Qualitative Analysis Analysis that uses subjective judgment in evaluating securities based on non-financial information such as management expertise, cyclicality of industry, strength of research and development, and labor relations.
???? = Time Deposit    A savings account or CD held for a fixed-term with the understanding that the depositor can only withdraw by giving written notice.
???? = Quantitative Analysis A security analysis that uses financial information derived from company annual reports and income statements to evaluate an investment decision.
???? = Closed-End Investment    When an investment company issues a fixed number of shares in an actively managed portfolio of securities. The shares are traded in the market just like common stock.
???? = Out of Pocket Expenses    An expense that an individual incurs for either business or personal usage. These expenses are tax deductible.
???? = Paid in Capital Capital received from investors in exchange for stock. This is recorded as an entry on the balance sheet.
???? = Payment in Kind When a good or service is used as payment, as opposed to cash.
?????? = Payment in Kind Bond (PIK) A type of bond that pays interest in additional bonds, as opposed to cash payouts.
???? = Realized Profit A gain realized upon liquidation of assets that results from receiving a price higher than the original purchase price.
???? = Realized Loss    A loss recognized when assets are sold for a price lower than the original purchase price.
???? = Real Interest Rate The excess of the interest rate over the inflation rate. The real rate of interest is approximately calculated by taking the nominal interest rate and subtracting inflation.
???? = Actual Return    The actual gain or loss of an investor. This can be expressed in the following formula: expected return (ex-ante) plus the effect of firm-specific and economy-wide news.
????? = Real Rate of Return The annual percentage return realized on an investment adjusted for changes in the price level due to inflation or deflation.
????? = ?????Effective Yield    A bond's yield assuming that you reinvest the coupon (interest payments) once you've received payment.
???? = Real Asset Physical or identifiable assets such as gold, land, equipment, patents, etc. They are the opposite of a financial asset.
?? = Audit 1. An unbiased examination and evaluation of the financial statements of an organization. It can be done internally (by employees of the organization) or externally (by an outside firm).
????? = Auditor's Report Recorded in the annual report, it tests to see that corporation's financial statements comply with GAAP.
???????? = ????Defeasance  A provision that voids a bond or loan when the borrower sets aside cash or bonds sufficient enough to service the borrower's debt.
???? = Household Expenses    A per person breakdown of general living expenses. It includes the amount paid for lodging, food consumed within the home, utilities paid, and other expenses. The sum of all the expenses is then divided by the number of family members residing in the house in order to find each member's part of the total expense.
???? = ????Depository Receipt A negotiable financial instrument issued by a bank to represents a foreign company's publicly traded securities. The depository receipt trades on a local stock exchange.
?????????? = Michigan Consumer Sentiment Index    A survey of consumer confidence conducted by the University of Michigan. The preliminary report is released on the tenth (except on weekends) of each month. A final report for the prior month is released on the first of the month.
???? = Oligopoly     When a particular market is controlled by a small group of firms.
?? = Hedge Making an investment to reduce the risk of adverse price movements in an asset. Normally, a hedge consists of protecting a position in a related security.
???? = ????|??????|????Hedge Fund    An aggressively managed portfolio taking positions on safe and speculative opportunities. Most hedge funds are limited to a maximum of 100 investors. For the most part, hedge funds are unregulated because it is assumed the people investing in these are very sophisticated and wealthy.
???? = Hedge Ratio1. A ratio comparing the amount you are hedging with the size of the position being hedged against. 2. A ratio comparing the value of futures contracts purchased or sold versus the value of the cash commodity being hedged against.
?? = ??|??Parity 1. In general, a situation of equality. Parity can occur in many different contexts, but it always means that two things are equal. For example, in the foreign-exchange market, currencies are at parity when their exchange rate is exactly 1 to 1. 2. The official value. In other words, the par value. 3. In an exchange market, when all brokers bidding for the same security have equal standing due to identical bids. When parity occurs, the market must determine which bidding broker will obtain the security by alternative means. Therefore, the winning bid is typically awarded by random draw.
???? = Sushi Bond A Eurobond that is issued by a Japanese issuer and does not count against a Japanese institution's limits on the holdings of foreign securities.
????? = ?????Petty Cash    The small amount of cash and coins that an organization uses for minor purchases and for providing change to customers
???? = Minority Interest A significant, but non-controlling, outside ownership interest in a company/subsidiary that is consolidated with the parent for financial reporting purposes.
??????? = ???????Work in Progress (work-in-progress)    Uncompleted work that has already incurred a capital investment from the company.
???? = Best Efforts An underwriter's agreement to act as an agent between an issuing company and investors.
???? = Due Diligence 1. An investigation or audit of a potential investment. Due diligence serves to confirm all material facts in regards to a sale.  2. Generally, due diligence refers to the care a reasonable person should take before entering in an agreement or transaction with another party.
?? = ??Maturity    1. The length of time until the principal amount of a bond must be repaid.  2.The end of the life of a security.Tenor    The amount of time left for the repayment of a loan or contract or the initial term length of a loan. Tenor can be expressed in years, months or days.  For example, if a bank loan is initially extended with a five-year tenor, after three years, the loan will be said to have a tenor of two years. Tenor is sometimes used interchangeably with "maturity", although tenor is not often used to describe the terms of fixed-income instruments such as government bonds and corporate bonds. Instead, non-standardized contracts like insurance policies and bank loans tend to be described in terms of tenor.
?? = ??|??|??Spread 1. The difference between the bid and the ask prices of a security or asset. 2. An options position established by purchasing one option and selling another option of the same class, but of a different series.
??????? = Fully Valued A stock that has reached a price that accurately reflects the strength of the company.
???????? = Return On Capital Employed (ROCE) A ratio that indicates the efficiency and profitability of a company's capital investments.  Calculated as:  Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) / (Capital employed + Short term borrowings - Intangible assets).
????? = Shares Outstanding The number of shares that are currently owned by investors. This includes restricted shares (shares owned by the company's officers and insiders) and shares held by the public. Shares that the company has repurchased are not considered outstanding stock.
?????? = Cost of Goods Sold (COGS)     An expense that reflects the cost of the product or good that generates revenue for a company. Sometimes referred to as "Cost of Sales."
????? = ?????Depreciated Cost    Calculated by subtracting the amount of depreciation claimed from the original cost of an asset.
???? = Paid-Up Capital      The state of a settlement when all payment obligations for a security has been completed.
????????? = Discharge in Bankruptcy    When a bankrupt person or company is legally free and clear of any obligation to repay certain debts.
????? = Paris Club A monthly meeting, taking place in Paris, between the creditors of 19 countries for the purpose of discussing debt issues. Among other things, the Paris Club addresses the issue of coordinated debt relief for developing countries that cannot service their debt.
???? = Market Order An order to buy or sell a stock immediately at the best available current price. A market order guarantees execution.
?? = Market1. Typically refers to the equity market where stocks are traded, but can also refer to the bond, options, or commodity market. 2. People with the desire and ability to buy a specific product.
???? = Market Value1. The current quoted price at which investors buy or sell a share of common stock or a bond at a given time. 2. Sometimes referred to as total market value, the market capitalization plus the market value of debt.
???? = ????Claw back    1. Previously given monies or benefits that are taken back due to specially arising circumstances.   2. A retraction of stock prices or of the market in general.
???? = Market Value Added (MVA) The difference between the market value of a company (both equity and debt) and the capital contributed by investors.
???? = Market Arbitrage    Purchasing and selling the same security at the same time in different markets to take advantage of a price difference between the two separate markets.
???? = Market Sentiment    The feeling or tone of a market. It is shown by the activity and price movement of the securities.
???? = Bubble A speculative market or stock in which the values rise very rapidly and then fall sharply.
???? = Market Segmentation A marketing term describing the aggregating of prospective buyers into groups (segments) that have common needs and will respond similarly to a marketing action.
???? = Market Risk The day to day potential for an investor to experience losses from fluctuations in securities prices.
?????? = Market Risk Premium The difference between the expected return on a market portfolio and the risk-free rate.
???? = Municipal Bond A debt security issued by a state, municipality, or county, in order to finance its capital expenditures. Municipal bonds are exempt from federal taxes and from most state and local taxes, especially if you live in the state the bond is issued.
?????? = Municipal Bond Fund A mutual fund that invests in municipal bonds, operating either as an investment trust or as an open-end fund.
??????? = Municipal Convertible A zero-coupon municipal bond that can be converted into an interest-bearing bond under certain circumstances.
??? = Price-Earnings (P/E) Ratio valuation ratio of a company's current share price compared to its per-share earnings. Calculated as: Market Value per Share / Earnings per Share (EPS). EPS is usually from the last four quarters (trailing P/E), but sometimes can be taken from the estimates of earnings expected in the next four quarters (projected or forward P/E). A third variation is the sum of the last two actual quarters and the estimates of the next two quarters. '
??????????? = PEGY Ratio A variation of the PEG ratio where a stock's P/E ratio is divided by its projected earnings growth rate and dividend yield.
???????? = PEG Ratio A ratio used to determine a stock's value while taking into account earnings growth. The calculation is as follows: Price/Earnings Ratio / Annual EPS Growth.
???? = ????Turnaround  When the poor performance of a company, market, or the economy experiences a positive reversal.
??? = ???Drag Along Rights  A right that enables a majority shareholder to force a minority shareholder to join in the sale of a company. The majority owner doing the dragging must give the minority shareholder the same price, terms, and conditions as any other seller. This is designed to protect the majority shareholder. Because some buyers are only looking to have complete control of a company, drag-along rights help to eliminate minority owners and sell 100% of a company's securities to the buyer.
?? = ????Close Position    The act of taking the opposite position of the current position thereby getting out of a position in a particular stock or security. Also referred to as "Closing Transaction." If a broker recommends that you close your long position on a stock they mean "sell it immediately." For example if you have a short position in a stock for you to close the position you will need to take a long position, or in other words you have to buy back the stock.
?? = ??|??Parity 1. In general, a situation of equality. Parity can occur in many different contexts, but it always means that two things are equal. For example, in the foreign-exchange market, currencies are at parity when their exchange rate is exactly 1 to 1. 2. The official value. In other words, the par value. 3. In an exchange market, when all brokers bidding for the same security have equal standing due to identical bids. When parity occurs, the market must determine which bidding broker will obtain the security by alternative means. Therefore, the winning bid is typically awarded by random draw.
???? = Average Price     Sometimes used in determining a bond's yield to maturity. A bond's average price is calculated by adding its face value to the price paid for it and dividing the sum by two. Average price is also sometimes known as Net Asset Value (NAV) for mutual funds.
????????? = Average Price Call     A type of option where the payoff is either zero or the amount by which the average price of the asset exceeds the strike.
???????? = Average Price Put A type of option where the payoff is either zero or the amount by which the strike price exceeds the average price of the asset.
?????? = ??????|????????Average Life    An estimate of the number of terms to maturity, taking the possibility of early payments into account. Average life is calculated using the weighted average time to the receipt of all future cash flows.
??? = Mean The simple mathematical average of a two or more numbers.
???? = ??????|????????Average Life    An estimate of the number of terms to maturity, taking the possibility of early payments into account. Average life is calculated using the weighted average time to the receipt of all future cash flows.
??????? = Average Annual Return     A figure used when reporting the historical return of a mutual fund. The AAR is stated after expenses have been tallied, including administration fees, 12b-1 fees, and others.
??????? = Average Annual Growth Rate The average increase in the value of a portfolio over the period of a year.
??? = Basing   A period in which a stock price has very little or no trend resulting in a flat price pattern.
???? = Balanced Fund A mutual fund that invests its assets in the money market, bonds, preferred stock, and common stock in an attempt to provide both growth and income.
?????? = Balanced Investment Strategy A portfolio allocation and management method aimed at balancing risk and return.
??? = Annualize 1. Converting the rate of return from a period of less than one year to an annual (yearly) basis. 2. Converting the taxation period from less than one year to an annual (yearly) basis.
?????? = Annual General Meeting (AGM)  A mandatory yearly meeting of shareholders that allows stakeholders to stay informed and involved with company decisions and workings.
?? = Annual Report A corporation's annual statement of financial operations. Annual reports include a balance sheet, income statement, auditor's report, and a description of the company's operations.
?? = Annuity    A series of fixed-amount payments paid at regular intervals over the specified period of the annuity.
???????? = Broad-Based Weighted Average An anti-dilution provision used for the benefit of existing preferred shareholders when additional offerings are made by the corporation. The broad-based weighted average accounts for all equity previously issued and currently undergoing issue.
?????? = Broad-Base Index An index designed to reflect the movement of the entire market.
?? = ??Inventory Inventory can be either raw materials, finished items already available for sale, or goods in the process of being manufactured. Inventory is recorded as an asset on a company's balance sheet.
????? = Inventory Turnover    A ratio that shows how many times the inventory of a firm is sold and replaced over a specific period. Generally calculated as: Sales / Inventory. However, it may also be calculated as: Cost of Goods Sold / Average Inventory.
?????? = Carrying Cost Of Inventory The cost of maintaining inventory in a company's warehouse.
??? = Treasury Stock    When a company repurchases its common stock and holds this stock in the company's treasury.
?????? = Treasury Offering The issuance of an additional class of security already existing in a firm's treasury.
?????? = Days Payable Outstanding (DPO)    A company's average payable period. Calculated as: (accounts payable x number of days) / cost of sales. Notice that the formula may also be written as: accounts payable / (cost of sales/number of days). DPO is an indicator of how long a company is taking to pay its trade creditors. DPO is typically looked at either quarterly or yearly (90 or 365 days).
???? = ????|????Bridge Loan A short-term loan that is used until a person or company can secure permanent financing or removes an existing obligation. This type of financing allows the user to meet current obligations by providing immediate cash flow. The loans are short-term (up to one year) with relatively high interest rates and are backed by some form of collateral such as real estate or inventory. Also known as "interim financing", "gap financing or a "swing loan". As the term implies, these loans "bridge the gap" between times when financing is needed. They are used by both corporations and individuals and can be customized for many different situations. For example, let's say that a company is doing a round of equity financing that is expecting to close in six months. A bridge loan could be used to secure working capital until the round of funding goes through. In the case of an individual, bridge loans are common in the real estate market. As there can often be a time lag between the sale of one property and the purchase of another, a bridge loan allows a homeowner more flexibility.
???? = Accounts Receivable (AR)    Money that is owed by customers. Having receivables means that the company has made the sale but has yet to collect the money
?????? = Net Receivables    A company's accounts receivable (money owed to the company) minus any provisions for bad debts.
??????? = Receivable Turnover Ratio  An accounting measure used to quantify a firm's effectiveness in extending credit and success in collection of debts.
?????? = Days Sales Outstanding (DSO) A company's average collection period. Calculated as: (accounts receivable / total credit sales) x number of days, OR accounts receivable / (total credit sales / number of days). Due to the high importance of cash in running a business, it is in a company's best interest to collect outstanding receivables as quickly as possible. By quickly turning sales into cash, a company has the chance to put the cash to use again - ideally, to reinvest and make more sales. The DSO can be used to determine whether a company is trying to disguise weak sales, or is generally being ineffective at bringing money in. For most businesses, DSO is looked at either quarterly or annually.
????? = Taxable Income The amount of net income used in calculating income tax.
????? = Taxable Gain    The portion of a sale that is liable to taxation.
???? = ????Defeasance  A provision that voids a bond or loan when the borrower sets aside cash or bonds sufficient enough to service the borrower's debt.
[??]?? = Dumping    1. In international trade, this occurs when one country exports a significant amount of goods to another country at prices much lower than in the domestic market. 2. A slang term for selling a stock with little regard for price.
???? = Distressed Sale    An urgent sale of assets because of negative conditions.
???? = Extension Risk The risk of a security lengthening in duration due to the deceleration of prepayments.
????? = Pre-Market Trading Trading done before the regular market opens.
?? = Expense 1. Money spent by a firm to continue its ongoing operations. 2. Money spent or costs incurred that are deductible and reduce your taxable income.
???? = Expense Ratio The percentage of the assets that were spent to run a mutual fund. It includes things like management and advisory fees, travel costs, and 12b-1 fees. The expense ratio does not include brokerage costs for trading the portfolio.
????? = Open End Credit    A pre-approved loan that may be used repeatedly up to a certain limit, which is also called "line of credit"?????|????? or "revolving line of credit"???????;also known as a "revolver"?.
????? = Open-End Fund A mutual fund that continues to sell shares to investors, and will buy back shares when investors wish to sell. Opposite to "Closed-end Fund".
?? = Elasticity  A measure of sensitivity of one variable to another. More specifically, the degree to which consumers respond to price changes. Calculated as: % Change in Quantity / % Change in Price.
?????? = Hard Call Protection    The period during the life of a callable bond where early redemption by the company is not permitted.
???? = Forced Conversion    When the issuer of a convertible security exercises their right to call the issue. This forces the investor to convert their security into the predetermined number of shares.
???? = Shadow Pricing    The arbitrary assignment of dollar values to non-marketed goods.
???? = Phantom Stock    An employee benefit plan that gives selected employees (senior management) many of the benefits of stock ownership without actually giving them any company stock. Sometimes referred to as a shadow stock.
???? = Shadow Rating    1. The name given to a bond rating performed on an issuing party by a credited institution, but without any public announcement of the results. 2. A rating given by S&amp;P to Israel Bonds, which are not permitted to be traded on the secondary market.
???? = Back Pricing    A method used in specific futures contracts whereby the price of the commodity to be delivered is priced by the purchaser at some future date after entering into the position.
???? = Revolving Credit    A line of credit where the customer pays a commitment fee and is then allowed to take and repay funds at will. It is usually used for operating purposes, fluctuating each month depending on revenues and expenditures. Often referred to as "revolver". Revolving lines of credit can be taken out by both corporations and individuals. The bank that is in agreement with the customer guarantees a maximum amount that can be loaned to the customer. Along with the commitment fee there are also interest expenses for corporate borrowers and carry forward charges for consumer accounts.
?????? = Micro Cap Stock    Micro cap refers to a company with a market capitalization of between $50 million to $300 million.
???? = Microeconomics    The study of the allocation of resources and the distribution of income, and how they are affected by the workings of government policies and the price system.
???? = Take or Pay A provision, written into a contract, whereby one party has the obligation of either taking delivery of goods or paying a specified amount.
??? = Gross Spread  The difference between the underwriting price received by the issuing company and the actual offering price to the public. By charging the public a higher price for an IPO than the price paid to the issuing company, the underwriters are able to make a profit. For example a company might get $15 per share for their IPO, but the underwriters sell the stock to the public at $17--profiting $2 per share.
????? = Total Enterprise Value (TEV)  A valuation measurement used to compare companies with varying levels of debt. This is calculated as: TEV = Market Capitalization + Interest Bearing Debt + Preferred Stock - Excess Cash.
????????? = Total Debt to Total Assets  Used to measure a company's financial risk by determining how much of the company's assets have been financed by debt. Calculated by adding short-term and long-term debt, and then dividing by a company's total assets.
???? = General Ledger  A company's accounting records. It contains all of the financial accounts and statements.
??? = ???Capitalization  1. The sum of a corporation's stock, long-term debt, and retained earnings. 2.  A company's outstanding shares multiplied by its share price, better known as market capitalization.?Market Capitalization  The total dollar value of all outstanding shares. It's calculated by multiplying the number of shares times the current market price. This term is often referred to as market cap.
???????? = Cash Return on Gross Investment - (CROGI)  A measure of financial performance calculated as gross cash flow after taxes divided by gross investment.
??? = Revenue     1. The dollar amount of sales during a specific period, including discounts and returned merchandise. It is the "top line" figure from which costs are subtracted to determine net income.     2. When evaluating stocks, revenue growth serves as an indication of a company's health.  Revenue is the amount of money that is brought into a company by its business activities. In the case of government, revenue is the money received from taxation, fees, fines, inter-governmental grants or transfers, securities sales, mineral rights and resource rights, as well as any sales that are made.Total Revenue  Total sales and other revenue for a particular period.
??? = Total Utility  The full satisfaction of consumers wants or needs through the consumption of specific goods or services.
??? = Total Tax  The complete amount of taxes an individual owes for a particular year after all credits have been deducted.
????? = Aggregate Exercise Price  The strike price of a put or call option multiplied by its contract size.
??? = ???Capitalization  1. The sum of a corporation's stock, long-term debt, and retained earnings. 2.  A company's outstanding shares multiplied by its share price, better known as market capitalization.
???? = Gross Sales  The overall sales which are not adjusted for discounts or returns. Gross sales are usually used for consumer retail firms.
????? = Panic Buying    High volume buying brought about by sharp price increases.
????? = Panic Selling    High volume selling brought about by sharp price declines.
???? = Hang Seng Index (HSI)  An index of the leading stocks on the Hong Kong stock market.
?? = ??|??|??Spread 1. The difference between the bid and the ask prices of a security or asset. 2. An options position established by purchasing one option and selling another option of the same class, but of a different series.
?? = Coupon    The interest rate stated on a bond when it's issued. The coupon is typically paid semiannually.
?????? = Hyperinflation    Extremely rapid or out of control inflation.
???? = Hostile Takeover    A takeover attempt that is strongly resisted by the target firm.
?? = ??|???????|???Overhang    Calculated as stock options granted, plus the remaining options to still be granted, and then divided by the total shares outstanding.
??? = Letter of Intent    A written statement detailing the preliminary understanding of parties who plan to enter into a contract or some other agreement; a noncommittal writing preliminary to a contract. A letter of intent is not meant to be binding and does not hinder the parties from bargaining with a third party. Businesspeople typically mean not to be bound by a letter of intent, and courts ordinarily do not enforce one; but courts occasionally find that a commitment has been made. — Abbr. LOI. — Also termed memorandum of intent; memorandum of understanding; term sheet; commitment letter.
??????? = Accident and Health Benefits    Fringe benefits provided by for employees for sickness, accidental injury, or accidental death. These benefits include payment of hospital and medical expenses as well as income payments.
??? = ???Turnover 1. In accounting, the number of times an asset is replaced during a financial period. Often used in terms of inventory or accounts receivable turnover. 2. In the context of securities, for either a portfolio or exchange, the number of shares traded for a period as a percentage of the total shares.????Volume Of Trade The number of shares or contracts traded in a security or an entire market during a given period.
?????? = Cost Synergy In the context of mergers, cost synergy is the savings in operating costs expected after two companies, who complement each other's strengths, join.
???? = Cost Basis The purchase price after commissions or other expenses. Cost basis is used to calculate capital gains or losses when the security is eventually sold.
???? = War Bond  Debt securities issued by a government for the purpose of financing military operations during times of war.
???? = Strategic Alliance  An arrangement between two companies who have decided to share resources that one company may not have while holding something that another has
???? = ????|????|????Back Office Administration and support personnel in a financial services company. They carry out functions like: settlements, clearances, record maintenance, regulatory compliance, accounting, etc.
??? = Real Estate Land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, shed's, and other items attached to the structure.
????? = Real Estate Agent A person with a state/provincial license to represent a buyer or a seller in a real estate transaction in exchange for a commission. Most agents work for real estate brokers or realtors.
??????? = Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) A security that sells like a stock on the major exchanges and invests in real estate directly, either through properties or mortgages. REITs receive special tax considerations, and typically offer investors high yields as well as a highly liquid method of investing in real estate.
????? = Mortgage  A loan, secured by the collateral of some specified real estate property, in which the borrower is obligated to make a predetermined set of payments to repay the loan.
???????? = Mortgage Banker    The lender in a mortgage contract, or the one making the loan directly.
??? = Income Tax A tax on any money earned during a fiscal year, usually filed on a yearly basis. All businesses except partnerships must file an annual income tax return. Partnerships file an information return.
???? = Any and All Bid A bid made to purchase all stock being offered at a specific price.
???? = ????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation (EBITD)   An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, and depreciation).??|????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA)   An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, depreciation, and amortization).??|??|??????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, Amortization and Restructuring Costs (EBITDAR): An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, depreciation, amortization, and restructuring costs)
?????????? = Earnings before Interest and Taxes (EBIT) An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax and interest).
?? = ??Exercise An action by a stockholder taking advantage of a privilege offered by a company or other financial institution. This includes warrants, options, and other exotic financial instruments.
???? = Yankee Bond Foreign bonds denominated in U.S. Dollars and issued in the United States by foreign banks and corporations.
????? = Yankee CD    A CD (Certificate of Deposit) issued in the U.S. market, typically New York, by a branch of a foreign bank.
? = ?|?|??|??Lot  In general, any group of goods or services making up a transaction.
?????? = ??????Wholesale Banking Banking services between merchant banks and other financial institutions.
??? = Heir    A person who inherits some or all of the estate of a recently deceased person. The legal successor is usually selected because they are related to the deceased by a direct bloodline or have been designated in a will or by a legal authority.
???? = Underwriting Spread The spread between the amount received by underwriters from the public offering price and the amount underwriters pay to the issuing company for the securities
??? = Syndicate A group of bankers, insurers, etcetera, who work together on a large project.Underwriting    1. The process by which investment bankers raise investment capital from investors on behalf of corporations and governments that are issuing securities (both equity and debt). 2. The process of issuing insurancepolicies.
???? = Technical Analysis A method of evaluating securities by analyzing statistics generated by market activity, such as past prices and volume. Technical analysts do not attempt to measure a security's intrinsic value. Technical analysts often use charts to identify patterns that can suggest future activity.
?? = Speculation The process of selecting investments with higher risk in order to profit from an anticipated price movement.
?? = ????Tender    1. To accept a formal offer, such as a takeover bid or tender offer. 2. Means of settlement in a financial transaction. 3. A bid to buy treasury bills. 4. Notice from a futures contract seller to offer money or goods for settlement of a futures contract.
??? = Bid1. An offer by an investor, trader, or dealer to buy a security. 2. The price at which a market maker is willing to buy a security.??|???Bid Price The price a buyer is willing to pay for a security.
???? = ????|?????Voting Trust A trust legally created in order to combine the voting power of shareholders through the transference of legal title and voting rights to a designated trustee for a set duration. There are many reasons stockholders may wish to form these trusts. For example, they may create one in the hopes of maintaining control within a corporation through a unified vote. Or they may want to use it as a form of protection from corporate creditors. The laws of different states usually have limitations on the duration of a trust, as it is a legally binding agreement.
?????? = Voting Trust Agreement A contractual agreement detailing the specifics of the voting trust, including the name of its trustee, the effective timeframe, and the nature of its formation.
?? = Investing    The act of committing money or capital to an endeavor (a business, project, real estate, etc.) with the expectation of obtaining an additional income or profit.Investment  An asset or item with value that is purchased for income or capital appreciation.
????? = Return On Investment (ROI)  The profit or loss resulting from an investment transaction, usually expressed as an annual percentage return.
????? = Payback Period    The length of time required to recover the cost of an investment. Calculated as: Cost of Project / Annual Cash Inflows. All other things being equal, the better investment is the one with the shorter payback period.
???? = ????Investment Vehicle In general, any method by which to invest.
???? = ????Investment Vehicle In general, any method by which to invest.
?????? = Investment Real Estate Real estate that generates income.
?????? = Sentiment Indicator A general term used to describe indicators that gauge investor attitudes towards the market.
????? = ??Position    The amount of a security either owned (long position) or borrowed (short position) by an individual or by a dealer.
???? = Investment Climate The general economic conditions affecting the financial markets.
???????? = Cash Flow Return on Investment (CFROI)    A valuation model that assumes the stock market sets prices based on cash flow, not on corporate performance and earnings. Calculated as: Cash Flow / Market Value of Capital Employed.
???? = Investment Grade A rating that indicates that a municipal or corporate bond has a relatively low risk of default. Bond rating firms, such as Standard &amp; Poor's, use different designations consisting of upper- and lower-case letters 'A' and 'B' to identify a bond's credit quality rating. 'AAA' and 'AA' (high credit quality) and 'A' and 'BBB' (medium credit quality) are considered investment grade. Credit ratings for bonds below these designations ('BB', 'B', 'CCC', etc.) are considered low credit quality, and are commonly referred to as "junk bonds". Investors should note that government bonds, or Treasuries, are not subject to credit quality ratings. These securities are considered to be of the very highest credit quality. In the case of municipal and corporate bond funds, fund company literature, such as the fund prospectus and independent investment research reports will report an "average credit quality" for the fund's portfolio as a whole. Investors should be aware that an agency downgrade of a company's bonds from 'BBB' to 'BB' reclassifies its debt from investment grade to "junk" status with just a one-step drop in quality. The repercussions of such an event can be highly problematic for the issuer and can also adversely affect bond prices for investors. Safety-conscious fund investors should pay attention to a bond fund's portfolio credit quality breakdown.
???? = Portfolio  A group of assets, such as stocks, bonds, and mutuals, which are held by an investor. To reduce their risk, investors tend to hold more than just a single stock or other asset.
?????? = Portfolio Insurance A method of hedging a portfolio of stocks against the market risk by short selling stock index futures.
?????? = Portfolio Income Income from investments, including dividends, interest, royalties, and capital gains.
?????? = Portfolio Management The art and science of making decisions about: investment mix and policy, matching investments to objectives, asset allocation for individuals and institutions, and balancing risk vs. performance.
?????? = Portfolio Manager    The person responsible for the investment of a mutual fund's assets, implementing its investment strategy, and managing the day-to-day portfolio trading.
???? = Disinvestment    1. Refers to the sale or liquidation of an asset or subsidiary of an organization or government. Also known as divestiture.   A company or government organization will divest an asset or subsidiary as a strategic move for the company, planning to put the proceeds from the divestiture to better use that garners a higher return on investment. 2. A reduction in capital expenditure, or when a company decides to not replace depleted capital goods. A company will likely not replace capital goods or continue to invest in certain assets unless it feels it is receiving a return that justifies the investment. If there is a better place to invest, they may deplete certain capital goods and invest in other more profitable assets.  Alternatively a company may have to divest unwillingly if it needs cash to sustain operations.
?????? = Investor Relations (IR)    A department, present in most medium to large public companies, that provides investors with an accurate account of the affairs of the company. This helps investors to make informed buy or sell decisions.
??????? = Return On Investment Capital (ROIC) A calculation used to determine the quality of a company. The general definition for ROIC is as follows: (Net Income - Dividends ) / Total Capital.
???? = Investment Bank A financial intermediary that performs a variety of services. This includes underwriting, acting as an intermediary between an issuer of securities and the investing public, facilitating mergers and other corporate reorganizations, and also acting as a broker for institutional clients.
????? = Investment Banker A person representing a financial institution that is in the business of raising capital for corporations and municipalities.
???? = Investment Advisor 1. A person making investment recommendations in return for a flat fee or percentage of assets managed, known as a commission. 2. For mutual fund companies, it is the individual who has the day-to-day responsibility of investing and monitoring the cash and securities within the fund's portfolio in order to achieve the fund's objectives.
???? = Shark Repellent    Any number of measures taken by a corporation to discourage an unwanted or hostile takeover attempt. In many cases, a company will make special amendments to its charter or bylaws that become active only when a takeover attempt is announced or presented to shareholders with the goal of making the takeover less attractive or profitable to the acquisitive firm. Also known as a "porcupine provision". Most companies want to decide their own fates in the marketplace, so when the sharks attack, shark repellent can send the predator off to look for a less feisty target. While the concept is a noble one, many shark repellent measures are not in the best interests of shareholders, as the actions may damage the company's financial position and interfere with management's ability to focus on critical business objectives. Some examples of shark repellents are poison pills, scorched earth policies, golden parachutes and safe harbor strategies.
???? = ?????Depreciated Cost    Calculated by subtracting the amount of depreciation claimed from the original cost of an asset.
?? = ??|??Discount    The condition of the price of a bond that is lower than par. The discount equals the difference between the price paid for a security and the security's par value. For example, if a bond with a par value of $1,000 is currently selling for $990 dollars, it is selling at a discount. Opposite to "premium".
???? = ????Discount Bond  A bond that is valued at less than its face amount.
???? = ????Discount Note  An unsecured corporate debt that is issued at a discount and matures at par. It is similar to a zero coupon bond or T-bill. Discount notes give institutional and retail investors convenient choices with respect to the investment size and maturity date for a short-term investment.
????? = Discount Broker    A stockbroker who charges a reduced commission, but provides no investment advice.
?? = ????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation (EBITD)   An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, and depreciation).??|????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA)   An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, depreciation, and amortization).??|??|??????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, Amortization and Restructuring Costs (EBITDAR): An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, depreciation, amortization, and restructuring costs)???Depreciation 1. An expense recorded to reduce the value of a long-term tangible asset. Since it is a non-cash expense, it increases free cash flow while decreasing the amount of a company's reported earnings. 2. A decrease in the value of a particular currency relative to other currencies.
???????? = ????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation (EBITD)   An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, and depreciation).??|????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA)   An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, depreciation, and amortization).??|??|??????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, Amortization and Restructuring Costs (EBITDAR): An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, depreciation, amortization, and restructuring costs)
??? = ???Discount Rate  1. The interest rate that an eligible depository institution is charged to borrow short term funds directly from a Federal Reserve Bank. 2. The interest rate used in determining the present value of future cash flows.
?? = Sell-Off  The rapid selling of securities, such as stocks, bonds, and commodities
??? = Collateral Properties or assets that are offered to secure a loan or other credit. Collateral becomes subject to seizure on default.
??? = Guarantor A person that guarantees to pay for someone else's debt if they default on their loan obligation.
???? = Auction Market    A market in which buyers enter competitive bids and sellers enter competitive offers at the same time.
???? = Delinquent A term describing the failure to meet required obligations according to schedule.
????? = ?????Prospectus1. A formal legal document describing details of a corporation. The prospectus is generally created for a proposed offering (usually an IPO), but they can still be obtained from existing businesses as well. The prospectus includes company facts that are vitally important to potential investors. 2. In this case of mutual funds, a prospectus describes the fund's objectives, history, manager background, and financial statements.
??????? = ???????Final Prospectus A legal document stating the price of a newly issued security, the delivery date, and other facts that are important for investors.
?? = Hold  An analyst recommendation to neither buy nor sell a security.
??? = Holding Period  The time (or expected time) that an asset will be held for.
????? = ???Holding Period Return/Yield    The total return received from holding an asset. It is calculated as income plus price appreciation during a specified time period, divided by the cost of the investment.
????? = Underweight    A term describing an investment position that does not hold a sufficient amount of securities to satisfy the accepted benchmark of the portfolio's asset allocation strategy.
?????? = Going Concern Value  The value of a company's ability to generate earnings from tangible and intangible assets.
??????? = ????|????Going Concern  A term for a company that has the resources needed in order to continue to operate. If a company is not a going concern, it means the company has gone bankrupt.
???? = ????Dummy Director    A person on a company's board of directors who votes and acts on the wishes of a non-board member.
?? = Index  A statistical measure of the changes in a portfolio of stocks representing a portion of the overall market.
??? = Indexing   1. The adjustment of the weights of assets in an investment portfolio so that its performance matches that of an index. 2. Linking movements of rates to the performance of an index.
???? = Index Fund  A portfolio of investments that are weighted the same as a stock-exchange index in order to mirror its performance. This process is also referred to as indexing.
???? = Index Option    A call or put option on a financial index.
???? = Index Futures    A futures contract on a stock or financial index, such as the S&amp;P 500. Each index can have a different multiple for determining the price of the future.
?? = Indicator  Anything used to predict future financial or economic trends.
??? = Pro Rata  Used to describe a proportionate allocation.
?? = ??|???Deposit 1. A transaction involving a transfer of funds to another party for safekeeping.  2.A portion of funds that is used as security or collateral for the delivery of a good or for the performance of a contract.
???? = ????|????Margin Account  A brokerage account in which the broker lends the customer cash to purchase securities. The loan in the account is collateralized by the securities and cash. If the value of the stock drops sufficiently, the account holder will be required to deposit more cash or sell a portion of the stock. In a margin account, you are investing with your broker's money. By using leverage in such a way, you magnify both gains and losses.
???? = ????Churning  1. An unethical practice employed by some brokers to increase their commissions by excessively trading in a client's account. This practice violates the NASD Fair Practice Rules. It is also referred to as "churn and burn", "twisting" and "overtrading".  2. A period of heavy trading with few sustained price trends and little movement in stock market indexes.
?? = Endowment    Assets, funds, or property that is donated to an institution, an individual, or a group as a source of income.
??? = Income Statement     Part of a company's financial statements summarizing revenues and expenses during a specific period of time. Also known as the profit and loss statement.
???? = Translation Exposure    The exchange rate risk associated with companies that deal in foreign currencies or list foreign assets upon their balance sheets.
??? = Power of Attorney    Giving someone the ability to act on your behalf in specific instances. Cf. letter of authorization.
???? = Authorized Stock    The maximum number of shares that a corporation is legally permitted to issue under its articles of incorporation. This figure is usually listed in the capital accounts section of the balance sheet.
?? = ??Swap    Traditionally, the exchange of one security for another to change the maturity (bonds), quality of issues (stocks or bonds), or because investment objectives have changed. Recently, swaps have grown to include currency swaps and interest rates swaps.
???? = Swap Rate    The rate of the fixed portion of a swap as determined by its particular market. This is the rate at which the swap will occur for one of the parties entering into the agreement.
???? = Swap Spread    1. The difference between the negotiated and fixed rate of a swap. The spread is determined by characteristics of market supply and creditor worthiness. 2. The difference between the swap rate and the lending rate offered through other investment vehicles with comparable characteristics.  Similar to equity spreads, the swap spread adjusts for every contract and the different participating parties.
???? = Holding Company    A parent corporation that owns enough voting stock in another corporation to control its board of directors (and, therefore, controls its policies and management).
???? = ????Prepayment    1. The payment of a debt obligation prior to its due date.  2. The excess payment over a scheduled debt repayment amount.
?????? = Average Up    The process of buying additional shares in a company at higher prices than you originally purchased. This brings the average price you've paid for all your shares up.
?? = ??Dilution    A reduction in earnings per share of common stock. Dilution occurs through the issuance of additional shares of common stock or the conversion of convertible securities.
??????? = Diluted Earnings Per Share    The earnings per share (EPS) if all convertible securities were exercised.
?? = Amortization    The paying off of debt in regular installments over a period of time. The deduction of capital expenses over a specific period of time. Similar to depreciation, it is a method of measuring the "consumption" of the value of long-term assets like equipment or buildings.
?????????? = ????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation (EBITD)   An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, and depreciation).??|????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA)   An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, depreciation, and amortization).??|??|??????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, Amortization and Restructuring Costs (EBITDAR): An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, depreciation, amortization, and restructuring costs)
?? = ????Delisting    When the stock of a company is removed from a stock exchange. Reasons for delisting include violating regulations and failure to meet financial specifications set out by the stock exchange.
?? = Income   Money received by a person or organization because of effort (work) or from return on investments.
????? = Return On Revenue (ROR) A measure of a corporation's profitability, calculated as net income divided by revenue. It is calculated as: Net Income / Revenue.
????? = Break Even Point (BEP) The point at which gains equal losses. Or, the market price that a stock must reach for option buyers to avoid a loss if they exercise. For a call, it is the strike price plus the premium paid. For a put, it is the strike price minus the premium paid.
?? = Gain An increase in the value of an asset or property. The gain is measured as the amount of capital from the sale of a good realized in excess of the original purchase price.
???? = Income Fund    A mutual fund that seeks to provide stable current income by investing in securities that pay interest or dividends.
??? = ???Holding Period Return/Yield    The total return received from holding an asset. It is calculated as income plus price appreciation during a specified time period, divided by the cost of the investment.?Yield 1. A measure of the income generated by a bond, it is calculated as the amount of interest paid on a bond divided by the price. 2. The rate of return on an investment, usually expressed as an annual percentage rate.
???? = Income Stock    Stocks with a history of regular dividend payments that contribute to the largest portion of the stock's overall return.
?? = ????Closing 1. The end of a trading session. The closing price is what's quoted in the newspaper. 2. The final procedure in a home sale, documents are signed and recorded. This is the time when the property ownership is transferred.
????? = After Hours Trading Trading after regular trading hours on the major exchanges.
??? = Closing Bell A bell that rings to signify the end of a trading session.
???? = After The Bell    After the close of the stock market.
?? = Acquisition When one company purchases a majority interest in the acquired.Buyout The purchase of a company or a controlling interest of a corporation's shares. A leveraged buyout is accomplished with borrowed money or by issuing more stock. It is different from takeover/acquisition, merger and consolidation.Takeover    When an acquiring company makes a bid for an acquiree. If the target company is publicly traded, the acquiring company will make an offer for the outstanding shares.
???? = Acquisition Premium The difference between the actual cost for acquiring a target firm versus the estimate made of its value before the acquisition.
???? = Deregulation  The reduction or elimination of government power within a particular industry. Deregulation is usually enacted to create more competition within an industry.
???? = Government Security    A government debt obligation (local or national) backed by the credit and taxing power of a country with very little risk of default.
?????? = Benefit Cost Ratio - (BCR)     A ratio attempting to clearly identify the relationship between the cost and benefits of a proposed project.
???? = Efficiency Ratio    A ratio used to calculate a bank's efficiency. Not all banks calculate the efficiency ratio the same way. We've seen the ratio calculated as all of the following: 1.non-interest expense divided by total revenue less interest expense; 2. non-interest expense divided by net interest income before provision for loan losses; 3. non-interest expense divided into revenue; 4. operating expenses divided by fee income plus tax equivalent net interest income. For all versions of the ratio, an increase means the company is losing a larger percentage of its income to expenses. If it is getting lower, it is good for the bank and its shareholders.
????? = Sensitivity Analysis     A technique for determining what might happen in a decision analysis if a key prediction turns out to be wrong.
?? = ??Odd Lot    An amount of a security that is less than the normal unit of trading for that particular security.
???? = Data Mining    A type of database application that looks for hidden patterns in large groups of data.
?????? = Even Lot    Quantities established by futures exchanges as benchmarks for quoting commodity prices.
?????? = Emerging Market Fund    A mutual fund investing a majority of its assets in the financial markets of a developing country, typically a small market with a short operating history.
??? = New Economy    A buzzword describing the new, high growth industries that are on the cutting edge of technology and are the driving force of economic growth.
????????? = Preemptive Right    The right of a company's existing common shareholders to have the first chance to purchase shares in a company's future stock issuance.
??? = Press Release    If it's an earnings press release, the release will discuss the financial results of the company for the recently completed quarter and may provide comments from management. Press releases often list valuable contact information that can assist you in your research, such as the company's web address.
????????? = BUGS Index Short for "basket of un-hedged gold stocks," the BUGS index is the AMEX's index measuring gold companies that do not hedge their gold production beyond a year and a half.
???? = Invisible Hand     Coined by Adam Smith in his 1776 book An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations. In his book he states:  "Essentially Smith says that individuals try to maximize their own good (and become wealthier), and by doing so, through trade and entrepreneurship, society as a whole will be better off. Furthermore, any government intervention in the economy isn't needed as the invisible hand would best guide the economy."
???? = Intangible Asset    An asset that is not physical in nature. E.g. goodwill
?????? = Unsecured Creditor    A person or institution that lends money to a company or individual without holding collateral on the property for security. This puts the creditor in a higher risk situation
????? = ?????|????Unsecured Loan    A bank loan that is issued and supported only by the borrower’s creditworthiness, rather than by some sort of collateral.
????? = ?????|????Unsecured Loan    A bank loan that is issued and supported only by the borrower’s creditworthiness, rather than by some sort of collateral.
???????? = ????????Non-Performing Asset Any asset that is not effectively producing income.
????? = ?????Bearer Form A security not registered in the issuing corporation's books but is payable to its bearer (the person possessing it).
????? = Floater     A bond, or some other type of debt, whose coupon rate changes with market conditions (short term interest rates).
?????? = Non-Recourse Debt    A loan that is secured by some sort of collateral, usually property. The issuer can seize the collateral if the borrower defaults.
?????? = Non-Recourse Finance    A loan where the lending bank is only entitled to repayment from the profits of the project the loan is funding, not from other assets of the borrower.
?????? = Risk Free Rate of Return     The quoted rate on an asset that has virtually no risk.
????? = Risk-Free Asset    An asset which has a certain future return. Treasuries (especially T-bills) are considered to be risk-free because they are backed by the U.S. government.
??? = Calendar Year     The year that begins January 1 and ends December 31
???? = Nikkei    The leading and most respected index of Japanese stocks.
??????? = Time-Weighted Rate of Return    A measure of the compound rate of growth in a portfolio. Because this method eliminates the distorting effects created by inflows of new money, it is used to compare the returns of investment managers. When calculating, the effect of varying cash inflows is eliminated by assuming a single investment at the beginning of a period and measuring the growth or loss of market value to the end of that period.
???? = Shelf Offering    An SEC provision allowing an issuer to register a new issue security without selling the entire issue at once.
???? = Shelf Registration    A term used for the SEC rule 415, which allows a corporation the ability to comply with registration requirements up to 2 years before doing a public offering. The corporation must still file the required annual and quarterly reports to the SEC.
??????????? = Forbearance    A postponement of loan payments, granted by a lender or creditor, for a temporary period of time. This is done in order to give the borrower time to make up for overdue payments.
????? = Prime Rate    The interest rate that commercial banks charge their prime or most credit worthy customers, generally the large corporations.
???? = Best Ask    The lowest quoted offer for a particular stock among all competing market makers.
??????? = Hurdle Rate    The minimum amount of return that a person requires before they will make an investment in something.
??? = Floor    The lowest acceptable limit as restricted by controlling parties.
?????? = Best Price Rule    An SEC regulation that requires shares tendered for an offer to be paid equally and maintain the same consideration.
????/???? = Best Practice    The recognized methods of correctly running businesses or providing services.
???? = Best Execution    The responsibility of brokers to provide the most advantageous execution of an order.
???? = Backstop    To provide last-resort support or security in a securities offering.
???? = Terminal Value      The value of an investment at the end of a period, taking into account a specified rate of interest.
???? = Final Dividend    The final dividend declared at a company's Annual General Meeting (AGM) for any given year. This amount is calculated after all financial statements are recorded and the directors are aware of the company's profitability and financial health.
???? = Best Bid    The highest quoted bid for a particular stock among all competing market makers.
???? = Interest Rate Ceiling    The absolute maximum rate of interest that a financial institution can charge for an adjustable rate mortgage or loan. This is regulated by the government.
????? = Capped Option An option with a pre-established profit cap. A capped option is automatically exercised when the underlying security closes at or above (for a call) or at or below (for a put) the Option's cap price.
???? = ?????|????Marketable Securities Very liquid securities that can be converted into cash quickly at a reasonable price.
???? = Tangible Asset    An asset that has a physical form.
?????? = Net Tangible Assets    Calculated as total assets minus intangible assets and liabilities.
????? = Coupon Bond A debt obligation with coupons attached that represent semiannual interest payments.
????? = ?????Secured Debt    The debt backed or secured by collateral in order to reduce the risk associated with lending.
????? = ?????Secured Note A bilateral lending agreement, the note represents a contractual obligation to lend and borrow money at a specified interest rate.
????? = ?????Secured Debt    The debt backed or secured by collateral in order to reduce the risk associated with lending.
????? = ?????Secured Note A bilateral lending agreement, the note represents a contractual obligation to lend and borrow money at a specified interest rate.
????? = Guaranteed Stock    Common or preferred stock whose dividends are guaranteed.
????? = ?????Effective Yield    A bond's yield assuming that you reinvest the coupon (interest payments) once you've received payment.
???? = Effective Duration A duration calculation for bonds with embedded options. Effective duration takes into account that expected cash flows will fluctuate as interest rates change.
???? = Effective Tax Rate The rate a taxpayer would be taxed at if taxing was done at a constant rate, instead of progressively.
??????? = Provisional Call Feature    A feature in a convertible issue that allows the issuer to call the issue during the non-call period if the stock reaches a certain price. For example, a convertible bond may allow a provisional call if the underlying common stock trades at 150% of the conversion price for 30 consecutive days.
??????? = Voting Shares    Shares that give the stockholder the right to vote on matters of corporate policy making as well as who will compose the members of the board of directors.
????? = Restricted Stock Insider holdings that are under some other kind of sales restriction. Restricted stock must be traded in compliance with special SEC regulations. Insiders are given restricted stock after merger and acquisition activity, underwriting activity, and affiliate ownership in order to prevent premature selling that might adversely affect the company. Restricted stock cannot be sold without registration with the SEC (under the Securities Act of 1933) or some other special exemption. Also called "letter stock".
?????? = Limited Liability Company (LLC) A corporate structure whereby the shareholders of the company have a limited liability to the firm's actions.
???? = Beginning Inventory    The book value of goods, inputs, or materials available for use or sale at the beginning of an inventory accounting period.
?????? = ??????Call Premium 1. The dollar amount over the par value of a convertible fixed income and debt security. This amount is given to holders when the security is called by the issuer due to the soft call provision. The call premium is somewhat of a penalty paid by the issuer to the bondholders for the early redemption.   2. The amount the purchaser of a call option must pay to the writer. In order to receive the rights associated with a call option, the premium must be paid to the seller.
????????? = Bullet Bond    A regular coupon paying debt instrument with a single repayment of principal on the maturity date.
????????? = Bullet Loan    Any loan that requires a balloon payment (the final payment that repays all the remaining principal and interest of a partially amortized or unamortized loan and is at a large amount) at the end of the term and anticipates that the loan will be refinanced in order to meet the balloon payment obligation.
???? = Ending Inventory    A book value of goods, inputs, or materials available for use or sale at the end of an inventory accounting period.
???????? = ??????|????????Balloon Maturity1. A repayment schedule for a bond issue where a large number of the bonds come due at a one time (normally at the final maturity date). 2. A final loan payment that is considerably higher than prior payments.
?? = Option    A privilege sold by one party to another that offers the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to buy (call) or sell (put) a security at an agreed-upon price during a certain period of time or on a specific date.
?????? = ??|??????Out of the Money1. For a call, when an option's strike price is higher than the market price of the underlying stock. 2. For a put, when the strike price is below the market price of the underlying stock.  Cf. in the money
?? = Futures    A financial contract that encompasses the sale of financial instruments or physical commodities for future delivery, usually on a commodity exchange. Futures contracts try to "bet" what the value of an index or commodity will be at some date in the future.
?????? = Future Rate Agreement (FRA)     A forward contract that determines an interest rate to be paid or received on an obligation beginning at a start date sometime in the future.
???? = Futures Contract    An exchange traded agreement to buy or sell a particular type and grade of commodity for delivery at an agreed upon place and time in the future. Futures contracts are transferable between parties.
???? = Futures Market    An auction market in which participants buy and sell commodity/future contracts for delivery on a specified future date. Trading is carried on through open yelling and hand signals in a trading pit.
?? = Duration    The measure of the price sensitivity of a fixed-income security to an interest rate change of 100 basis points. Calculation is based on the weighted average of the present values for all cash flows.
?? = ??Maturity    1. The length of time until the principal amount of a bond must be repaid.  2.The end of the life of a security.Tenor    The amount of time left for the repayment of a loan or contract or the initial term length of a loan. Tenor can be expressed in years, months or days.  For example, if a bank loan is initially extended with a five-year tenor, after three years, the loan will be said to have a tenor of two years. Tenor is sometimes used interchangeably with "maturity", although tenor is not often used to describe the terms of fixed-income instruments such as government bonds and corporate bonds. Instead, non-standardized contracts like insurance policies and bank loans tend to be described in terms of tenor.
??????? = ??|???????|???Overhang    Calculated as stock options granted, plus the remaining options to still be granted, and then divided by the total shares outstanding.
????? = Unrealized Loss A loss that results from holding on to an asset rather than cashing it in and officially taking the loss. Let's say you own a stock that is down 50%, but you haven't sold it to realize the loss yet. This is said to be an unrealized loss.
????? = Unearned Revenue When an individual or company receives money for a service or product that has yet to be fulfilled. For example, prepayment on a lease contract - the revenue is a liability until it has been earned.
????? = Unrealized Gain   A profit that results from holding on to an asset rather than cashing it in and using the funds
???? = Future Value    The value of an asset or cash at a specified date in the future that is equivalent in value to a specified sum today. There are two ways to calculate FV:  1) For an asset with simple annual interest: = Original Investment x (1+(interest rate*number of years))   2) For an asset with interest compounded annually: = Original Investment x ((1+interest rate)^number of years)
??? = Gearing    This is the ratio of long-term funds with fixed interest that makes up a firm's capital.
???? = Year To Date (YTD) The period beginning January 1st of the current year up until today's date.
?? = Promissory Note     A written, dated, and signed two-party instrument containing an unconditional promise by the maker to pay a definite sum of money to a payee on demand or at a specified future date.
?? = [??]?????|[??]???Principal 1. The amount borrowed or the amount still owed on a loan, separate from interest. 2. The original amount invested, separate from earnings. 3. The face value of a bond. 4. The owner of a private company. 5. The main party to a transaction, acting as either a buyer or seller for his/her own account and risk.
???? = Opportunity Cost    The difference in returns between a chosen investment and one that is passed up. For example, the purchase price of a city-center garden might be $100,000 and the profit forgone by not building an office block on it might be $1.0 million, making its total opportunity cost $1.1 million.
???? = Agency Bonds A bond issued by a government agency.
???? = Institutional Fund A mutual fund targeting high value investors with low fees, but high minimum requirements.
????? = Institutional Investor    A non-bank person or organization that trades securities in large enough share quantities or dollar amounts that they qualify for preferential treatment and lower commissions. Institutional investors face less protective regulations because it is assumed that they are more knowledgeable and better able to protect themselves
????????? = Institutional Brokers' Estimate System (IBES)    A system that gathers and compiles the different estimates made by stock analysts on the future earnings for the majority of U.S. publicly traded companies.
???? = Agency Securities    Low risk debt obligations issued by enterprises that the U.S. Government sponsors.
????? = Mechanical Investing Buying and selling stocks based on criteria that meet the predetermined mechanical investing screen. This screen usually ranks stocks using the central element of relative strength or momentum, but other indicators can also be used. Investors buy the top 5-10 stocks according to this type of screening process.
?? = ??Interest 1. The charge for the privilege of borrowing money, typically expressed as an annual percentage rate. 2. The amount of ownership a stockholder has in a company, usually expressed as a percentage.
????? = Equity Accounting A method of accounting whereby a corporation will document a portion of the undistributed profits for an affiliated company that they own a position in. The amount of undistributed profits that the corporation decides to document is generally equal to the percentage of equity it controls. In many cases, the profits of the affiliated company are never distributed to the corporation.
??? = Stakeholder One who has a share or an interest, as in an enterprise.
???? = Du Pont Analysis    A method of performance measurement that was started by the DuPont Corporation in the 1920s, and has been used by them ever since. With this method, assets are measured at their gross book value rather than at net book value in order to produce a higher ROI (return on investment).
?????? = Du Pont Identity    An expression breaking down return on equity (ROE) into three parts: profit margin, total asset turnover, and financial leverage. The Du Pont identity tells us that ROE is affected by 3 things: Operating efficiency (as measured by profit margin) ; Asset use efficiency (as measured by total asset turnover) ; Financial leverage (as measured by the equity multiplier).
???? = ????Leveraged Buyout (LBO) A strategy involving the acquisition of another company using borrowed money (bonds or loans). The acquiring company uses its own assets as collateral for the loan in hopes that the future cash flows will cover the loan payments.
???? = Debt Ratio A ratio that indicates what proportion of debt a company has relative to its assets. The measure gives an idea to the leverage of the company along with the potential risks the company faces in terms of its debt-load. A debt ratio of greater than 1 indicates that a company has more debt than assets, meanwhile, a debt ratio of less than 1 indicates that a company has more assets than debt. Used in conjunction with other measures of financial health, the debt ratio can help investors determine a company's level of risk. Debt ratio = total debt / total assets.????|??????Gearing Ratio    A general term describing a financial ratio that compares some form of owner's equity (or capital) to borrowed funds. Gearing is a measure of financial leverage, demonstrating the degree to which a firm's activities are funded by owner's funds versus creditor's funds.  The higher a company's degree of leverage, the more the company is considered risky. As for most ratios, an acceptable level is determined by its comparison to ratios of companies in the same industry. The best known examples of gearing ratios include the debt-to-equity ratio (total debt / total equity), times interest earned (EBIT / total interest), equity ratio (equity / assets), and debt ratio (total debt / total assets). A company with high gearing (high leverage) is more vulnerable to downturns in the business cycle because the company must continue to service its debt regardless of how bad sales are. A greater proportion of equity provides a cushion and is seen as a measure of financial strength.
??A = Regulation A An SEC regulation that governs offerings of $5,000,000 or less, which qualify for simplified registration (an exemption).
??D = Regulation D An SEC regulation that governs private placement exemption when there is no investment banker involved.
??FD = Regulation FD (Reg FD) A rule passed by the Securities and Exchange Commission in an effort to prevent selective disclosure by public companies to market professionals and certain shareholders. The Reg FD rule reads as follows: "Whenever an issuer, or any person acting on its behalf, discloses any material nonpublic information regarding that issuer or its securities to [certain enumerated persons], the issuer shall make public disclosure of that information... simultaneously, in the case of an intentional disclosure; and... promptly, in the case of a non-intentional disclosure."
??G = Regulation G The Federal Reserve Board regulation that governs the extension of credit for securities transactions by commercial lenders and non-financial corporations.
??M = Regulation M An IRS regulation that allows regulated investment companies to pass taxes from capital gains, dividends, and interest distributions onto individual investors.
??Q = Regulation Q A Federal Reserve Board regulation that limits the interest rate banks can pay on savings deposits.
??T = Regulation T The Federal Reserve Board regulation that governs customer cash accounts and the amount of credit that brokerage firms and dealers may extend to customers for the purchase of securities.
??U = Regulation U The Federal Reserve Board regulation that governs loans by banks for the purchase of securities.
??? = Term Sheet A non-binding agreement setting forth the basic terms and conditions under which an investment will be made.
??????? = Funds From Operations (FFO)     Used by real estate investment trusts (REITS) to define the cash flow from their operations. It is calculated by adding depreciation and amortization expenses to earnings, and sometimes quoted on a per share basis.
???? = ????|????Sector Fund A mutual fund whose objective is to invest in a particular industry or sector of the economy to capitalize on returns.
??? = Standard Deviation  1. A measure of the dispersion of a set of data from its mean. The more spread apart the data is, the higher the deviation. 2. In finance, standard deviation is applied to the annual rate of return of an investment to measure the investment's volatility (risk).
???? = S&amp;P (Standard and Poor's)  A company that rates stocks and corporate and municipal bonds according to risk profiles. Additionally, Standard and Poor's produces and tracks the S&amp;P indexes, and publishes a variety of financial and investment reports.
????500 = S&amp;P500  An index consisting of 500 stocks chosen for market size, liquidity, and industry group representation. It is a market-value weighted index, with each stock's weight in the index proportionate to its market value
?? = ????|??|????Underlying  1.In derivatives, the security that must be delivered if a derivative contract, such as a put or call option, is exercised.  2. In equities, the common stock that must be delivered when a warrant is exercised, or when a convertible bond or convertible preferred share is converted to common stock.  The price of the underlying is the main factor that determines prices of derivative securities, warrants and convertibles. Thus, a change in an underlying results in a simultaneous change in the price of the derivative asset that is linked to it. In most cases, the underlying is a security such as a stock (in the case of options) or a commodity (in the case of futures).
?????? = Greenspan Put    A colloquial term used to describe the Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board's actions in preventing significant and sustained market downturns.
?? = ??Pro Forma A Latin term that translates into "for the sake of form." In the investing world, the term describes a method of calculating financial results in order to emphasize either current or projected figures.
???? = Horizontal Merger    A merger occurring between companies producing similar goods or offering similar services.
???? = Horizontal Integration    When a company expands its business into different products that are similar to current lines.
???? = Secondary Stock    A stock that is considered more risky than blue chips because it has a smaller market capitalization. This is another term for "small cap."
???? = Junior Security    A security that ranks below others in regards to claim on assets and income in the event of the issuer becoming insolvent. When bankruptcy occurs, holders of both preferred shares and debt securities have first claim on the remaining assets. Only after preferred shareholders have been paid back, remaining assets (if any) are divided among common shareholders.
??? = ???Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)    An intergovernmental organization dedicated to the stability and prosperity of the petroleum market. OPEC membership is open to any country that is a substantial exporter of oil and shares the ideals of the organization.???Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) An intergovernmental organization dedicated to the stability and prosperity of the petroleum market. OPEC membership is open to any country that is a substantial exporter of oil and shares the ideals of the organization.
???? = Eurobond    A bond that is denominated in a currency other than that of the country in which it is issued.
???????? = Euroclear One of two principal clearing houses for securities traded in the Euromarkets.
????? = European Option    An option that can only be exercised at the end of its life.
???? = Eurodollar U.S. dollar-denominated deposits at foreign banks or foreign branches of American banks. By locating outside of the United States, Eurodollars escape regulation by the Federal Reserve Board.
???? = Eurobank A financial institution that readily accepts foreign currency denominated deposits and makes foreign currency loans.
???? = ??|????Rally    A rise in the prices of individual securities, bonds, or indexes, following a period of flat or declining prices.
?????? = Positive Volume Index (PVI) An index that focuses on days where the volume has significantly increased from the previous day's trading.
???? = Samurai Bond A yen denominated bond that is issued in Tokyo by a non-Japanese company.
?? = Salvage Value    The estimated value that an asset will realize upon its sale at the end of its useful life.
??????? = Barrels per Day A statistic often used to determine output for oil production.
???????? = Book Value Per Common Share    A measure used by owners of common shares within a firm to determine the level of safety associated with each individual share after all debts are paid accordingly.
????? = Cash Flow Per Share Cash flow from operations minus preferred stock dividends, divided by the number of common shares outstanding. This measures a firm's financial strength.
???? = Earnings Per Share (EPS) The portion of a company's profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Calculated as: (Net Income - Dividends on Preferred Stock) / Average Outstanding Shares. Companies usually use a weighted average number of shares outstanding over the reporting term.
??????? = Free Cash Flow per Share    A measure of a company's financial flexibility. It is calculated as net income plus all non-cash expenses, less dividends and capital expenditures. The total is then divided by the number of shares outstanding.
?????? = Net Asset Value per Share (NAVPS)    1. In mutual funds, the value of a mutual fund share. Calculated by dividing the total net asset value of the fund by the number of shares outstanding.    2. In corporate valuations, the net asset value divided by the number of shares outstanding.
????? = Sales Per Share    A ratio that computes the total revenue earned per share over a 12-month period. It is calculated by dividing total revenue earned in a fiscal year by the weighted average of shares outstanding for that fiscal year.
??? = Proportional Tax    An income tax that takes the same percentage of income from everyone regardless of how much (or little) an individual earns.
??? = Gross Income1. For individuals, it is your total personal income before deductions. 2. For companies, it is their revenue minus cost of goods sold (also called gross margin).
??? = ???Privatization  The transfer of ownership from government owned to a privately owned corporation.
????? = Balloon Option    An option for which the notional payments increase significantly after a set threshold is broken.
????? = ??????|????????Balloon Maturity1. A repayment schedule for a bond issue where a large number of the bonds come due at a one time (normally at the final maturity date). 2. A final loan payment that is considerably higher than prior payments.
???? = Horizontal Spread An options strategy involving the simultaneous purchase and sale of two options of the same type, having the same strike price, but different expiration dates.
????????? = ????????|??|??|???|?????????|????Overhead A reference in accounting to all costs not including or related to direct labor, materials, or administration costs. A very ambiguous term unless a modifier is added. A commonly used expression is manufacturing overhead.
???? = Perpetual Bond A bond with no maturity date. Perpetual bonds are not redeemable, instead they pay a steady stream of interest forever.
???? = Perpetuity A constant stream of identical cash flows with no maturity date.
????? = Auto Sales The major producers of domestic automobiles report sales monthly. These numbers are seasonally adjusted by the U.S. Department of Commerce and are available to the public one to five business days after the end of each month.
???? = ?????????????????)????Leakage    A release of information to certain people before the official public announcement; loss of value of a certain intellectual property due to unauthorized reproduction.
???? = Quorum The minimum acceptable level of individuals with a vested interest in a company needed to make the proceedings of a meeting valid under the corporate charter.
??? = Volatility 1. In general, volatility is a statistical measure of the tendency of a market or security to rise or fall sharply within a short period of time. Volatility is typically calculated by using variance or annualized standard deviation of the price or return. 2. Volatility is a variable that appears in option pricing formulas. In the option pricing formula, it denotes the extent to which the return of the underlying asset will fluctuate between now and the expiration of the option.
??????? = Certified Public Accountant (CPA) A designation by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for those who pass an exam and meet work-experience requirements.
?????? = Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) An advisor, registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, who manages the investments of others.
??? = Registration Right A contractual right giving investors holding restricted stock the ability to demand that the issuing company register the shares to the SEC, effectively making the stock available for sale to the public.
??????? = Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) A professional designation given by the Association for Investment Management and Research (AIMR) that measures the competence and integrity of financial analysts. Candidates are required to pass three levels of exams covering areas such as accounting, economics, ethics, money management, and security analysis.
?? = ??Write-Off    To charge an asset amount to expense or loss in order to reduce the value of that asset and one's earnings.
?? = Money Laundering  The process by which large amounts of money illegally obtained from drug trafficking, terrorist activity, or other serious crimes, is given the appearance of having originated from a legitimate source.
???? = Active Income  Income for which services have been performed. This includes wages, tips, salaries, commissions, and income from businesses in which there is material participation.
???? = ???Activity Ratio  Accounting ratios that measure a firm's ability to convert different accounts within their balance sheets into cash or sales.
??? = ???Activity Ratio  Accounting ratios that measure a firm's ability to convert different accounts within their balance sheets into cash or sales.
???? = Demand Deposit/Sight Deposit  An account where deposited funds can be withdrawn at any time. Cf. current account, overnight money, money at call.
??????? = Active Bond Crowd  The name given to members of the NYSE and their specific bond trading departments that are acknowledged as frequent traders in active bonds. The active bond crowd creates liquidity and can affect the price of bonds traded on the market because they typically account for the largest volume of transactions in the market. Generally, this crowd will be able to demand better prices for buying and selling bonds.
?? = ??Distribution  A company's payment of cash, stock, or physical products to their shareholders.
???? = Distribution in Kind  A distribution made in the form of stock rather than cash.
???? = Payout Ratio  The percentage of earnings paid out in dividends. It is calculated by dividing dividends per share by earnings per share.
??????? = Liquidity Preference Theory    The hypothesis that forward rates offer a premium over expected future spot rates.
???? = Current Ratio    Indicator of company's ability to pay short-term obligations; calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities.Working Ratio    A ratio used to measure a company's ability to recover operating costs from annual revenue. This ratio is calculated by taking the company's total annual expenses (excluding depreciation and debt-related expenses) and dividing by the annual gross income.
???? = Current Liabilities    Usually appearing on a company's balance sheet, it represents the amount owed for interest, accounts payable, short-term loans, expenses incurred but unpaid and other debts due within one year.
???? = Current Assets    Appearing on a company's balance sheet, it represents cash, accounts receivable, inventory, marketable securities, prepaid expenses, and other assets that can be converted to cash within one year.
??? = ????Liquidity    1. The degree to which an asset or security can be bought or sold in the market without affecting the asset's price. Liquidity is characterized by a high level of trading activity. 2.The ability to convert an asset to cash quickly.
?????? = Net Liquid Assets    A company's liquid financial assets minus its current liabilities.
???? = Liquidity Risk    The risk stemming from the lack of marketability of an investment that cannot be bought or sold quickly enough to prevent or minimize a loss.
???? = Floating Rate Note (FRN)     A note with a variable interest rate. Adjustments to the interest rate are usually made every 6 months and are tied to a certain money-market index.
?????? = ??????Negative Pledge Clause    A negative covenant in an indenture, it states that the corporation will not pledge any of its assets if doing so would give the lenders less security. A negative pledge clause is just another way for bondholders to protect their investment.  By including a negative pledge clause in a bond indenture, the bondholders of the current bond issue prevent the company from issuing any debt in the future which would jeopardize their current priority claim on the company's assets. Including a negative pledge cause in a bond indenture increases the safety of the bond issue from the investors' perspective, and therefore often allows the bond issuer to borrow funds at a slightly lower interest rate. Also be referred to as a "covenant of equal coverage".
???? = Consumer Credit    A debt that someone incurs for the purpose of purchasing a good or service.
?????? = Consumer Price Index (CPI)     A measure of price changes in consumer goods and services such as gasoline, food, and automobiles.
??????? = Consumer Confidence Index (CCI)  A survey of consumer confidence by the Conference Board. It measures how optimistic or pessimistic consumers are with respect to the economy in the near future.
???? = Hybrid Security    A security that combines two or more different financial instruments.
?? = Liquidation    When a business or firm is terminated or bankrupt, its assets are sold and the proceeds pay creditors. Any leftovers are distributed to shareholders. Cf. wind up.
?? = ????Idle Funds    Money that is not invested and, therefore, earning no income. For example, funds in a checking account.
?? = Premium    1. The total cost of an option.  2. The difference between the higher price paid for a security and the security's face amount at issue.
???? = Premium Bond    A bond that is valued at more than its face amount.
????? = Aggressive Accounting    The practice of inappropriately misconstruing income statements for the purpose of pleasing investors and inflating stock prices.
?? = Gray Market1. An unofficial market where new issues of shares are bought and sold before they officially become available for trading on the stock exchange. 2. The sale of goods by unauthorized dealers.
??? = Gray Knight A second, unsolicited bidder in a corporate takeover. A gray knight enters the scene in order to take advantage of any problems between the first bidder and the target company.
???? = Catastrophe Bond A high-yield debt instrument that is usually insurance linked and meant to raise money in case of a catastrophe such as a hurricane or earthquake. It has a special condition that states that if the issuer (insurance or reinsurance company) suffers a loss from a particular predefined catastrophe, then the issuer's obligation to pay interest and/or repay the principal is either deferred or completely forgiven.
?? = Hot Money    The money that flows regularly between financial markets in search for the highest short term interest rates possible.
???? = Hot Issue    An issue that sells at a premium over the public offering price on the first day of trading.
?? = Bear Market A market in which prices of a certain group of securities are falling or are expected to fall. Although figures can vary, a downturn of 15%-20% or more in multiple indexes (Dow or S&amp;P 500) is considered a bear market.
?? = Bull Market A market in which prices of a certain group of securities are rising or are expected to rise.
?????? = Special Purpose Vehicle (SPA)     1. Also referred to as a "bankruptcy-remote entity" whose operations are limited to the acquisition and financing of specific assets. The SPV is usually a subsidiary company with an asset/liability structure and legal status that makes its obligations secure even if the parent company goes bankrupt.  2. A subsidiary corporation designed to serve as counterparty for swaps and other credit sensitive derivative instruments. Also called a "derivatives product company."
???? = Exceptional Item    Charges incurred that must be noted upon a company's balance sheet according to GAAP principles. Even though these are considered to be a part of ordinary business charges, due to their sheer size or frequency, they must be accordingly disclosed.
???? = Specific Risk    The risk that affects a very small number of assets. This is sometimes referred to as "unsystematic risk."
???? = Concession Agreement    A right granted by a government to a corporation. It specifies rules under which the company can operate locally.
???? = Segregated Fund  A type of annuity that is similar to a mutual fund. Segregated Funds are an insurance product and are only offered by insurance companies.
????? = Independent Auditor  An external auditor with a certified public accounting designation that qualifies him or her to provide an auditor's report.
???? = Sole Proprietorship  A business organization that is unincorporated and has only one owner.
???? = Bulldog Bond    A sterling denominated bond that is issued in London by a company that is not British.
?? = Present Value (PV)    The amount today that a sum of money in the future is worth, given a specified rate of return.
???? = Current Price    The "real time" price of a security trading on an exchange.
???? = Current Maturity The interval between the present date and the maturity date of a bond.
????? = Current Yield Annual income (interest or dividends) divided by the current price of the security.
?? = Cash Commodity The term used to refer to the actual or physical commodity underlying a futures contract.
?????? = Spot Price The current price at which a particular commodity can be bought or sold at a specified time and place.
???? = Spot Commodity A commodity traded on the spot market. That is, with the expectation of actual delivery, as opposed to a commodity future that is usually not delivered.
???? = Cash Market The market for a cash commodity or actual, as opposed to its futures contract.Spot Market 1. A commodities market in which goods are sold for cash and delivered immediately. 2. A futures transaction which will expire in 1 month or less.
?? = Cash Legal tender or coins that can be used in exchange goods, debt, or services. Sometimes also including the value of assets that can be converted into cash immediately, as reported by a company.
???? = Cash Price The price of the purchase and delivery of cash commodities.
????????? = Cash Balance Pension Plan An employee pension plan whereby an employer will credit the participant's account with a set percentage of their yearly compensation plus interest charges.
???????? = Cash And Cash Equivalents    An element recorded on the balance sheet, it reports the value of cash and its equivalents. These are assets that are cash or can be converted into cash immediately.
???? = Cash Investment Short-term obligations, usually ninety days or less, that provide a return in the form of interest payments.
?????? = Cash EPS A ratio derived from operating cash flow divided by diluted shares outstanding.
??? = Cash Flow The amount of cash a company generates and uses during a period, calculated by adding noncash charges (such as depreciation) to the net income after taxes. Cash Flow can be used as an indication of a company's financial strength. It is also sometimes referred to as the "money value" of trades in a stock during a trading day.
???????? = Cash on Cash Return A rate of return often used in real estate transactions. The calculation determines "cash income" on "cash invested."  Calculated as: Annual Dollar Income / Total Dollar Investment.
???? = Cash Dividend Money paid to stockholders, normally out of the corporation's current earnings or accumulated profits. All dividends must be declared by the board of directors, and are taxable income to the recipients.
???? = Cash Budget An estimation of the cash inflows and outflows for a business.
???????? = Theoretical Dow Jones Index    A method of calculating a Dow Jones index (most often the DJIA) that assumes all index components hit their high or low at the same time during the day.
?????? = Producer Price Index (PPI) A family of indexes that measures the average change over time in selling prices received by domestic producers of goods and services. PPIs measure price change from the perspective of the seller.
??? = Productivity A measure of the amount of output per unit of input.
????? = Gross Processing Margin (GPM)     The difference between the cost of a raw commodity and the income it generates once sold as a finished product.
???? = Under Reporting   An illegal practice where a person understates their taxable income.
???? = ????Electric Ecommerce (E-commerce)    When a person or business uses the Internet as part of their business model.
???? = ????Electric Ecommerce (E-commerce)    When a person or business uses the Internet as part of their business model.
???? = ????Retained Earnings (R/E)  The percentage of net earnings not paid out in dividends, but retained by the company to be reinvested in its core business or to pay debt. It is recorded under shareholders equity on the balance sheet. Calculated by adding net income to (or subtracting any net losses from) beginning retained earnings and subtracting any dividends paid to shareholders.
???? = ????|????Record Date The date established by an issuer of a security for the purpose of determining the holders who are entitled to receive a dividend or distribution.
??? = White Paper An informational document issued by companies trying to promote or highlight the significance of a planned product or service
???? = White Knight    A company that makes a friendly takeover offer for the control of a target company that is being faced with a hostile takeover from a separate party.
?? = White Elephant Any investment that nobody wants because it is a money loser.
?? = Earnings    The net income of a company during a specific period. Generally, but not necessarily, referring to after-tax income.
?????? = Earnings Surprises    When the earnings reported in a company's quarterly or annual report are above or below analysts' earnings estimates.
???? = Earnings Multiplier    The estimated price-earnings ratio adjusted for the current level of interest rates.
???? = Earnings Yield    The earnings per share for the most recent 12 months divided by market price per share. The earnings yield (which is the inverse of the P/E ratio) shows the percentage of each dollar invested in the stock that was earned by the company. The earnings yield is used by many investment managers to determine optimal asset allocations. Money managers often compare the earnings yield of a broad market index (such as the S&amp;P 500) to prevailing interest rates, such as the current 10-year Treasury yield. If the earnings yield is less than the rate of the 10-year Treasury yield, stocks as a whole may be considered overvalued. If the earnings yield is higher, stocks may be considered undervalued relative to bonds.  Classical theory suggests that investors in equities should demand an extra risk premium of several percentage points above prevailing risk-free rates (such as T-bills) in their earnings yield to compensate them for the higher risk of owning stocks over bonds and other asset classes.
???? = Quality of Earnings    The amount of earnings attributable to higher sales or lower costs rather than artificial profits created by accounting anomalies such as inflation of inventory.
???? = Earning Assets    Any income earning asset owned by a company.
???? = Earnings Estimate    An analyst's estimate for a company's future quarterly or annual earnings.
???? = ????Custodial Account    1. An account created at a bank, brokerage firm or mutual fund company that is managed by an adult for a minor that is under the age of 18 to 21 (depending on state legislation).  2. A retirement account managed for eligible employees by a custodian.
???? = Target Price The projected price level as stated by an investment analyst or advisor.
???? = Target Company A firm that has been targeted by another firm for a takeover.
???? = ????|??|????Underlying  1.In derivatives, the security that must be delivered if a derivative contract, such as a put or call option, is exercised.  2. In equities, the common stock that must be delivered when a warrant is exercised, or when a convertible bond or convertible preferred share is converted to common stock.  The price of the underlying is the main factor that determines prices of derivative securities, warrants and convertibles. Thus, a change in an underlying results in a simultaneous change in the price of the derivative asset that is linked to it. In most cases, the underlying is a security such as a stock (in the case of options) or a commodity (in the case of futures).
???? = ????|??|????Underlying  1.In derivatives, the security that must be delivered if a derivative contract, such as a put or call option, is exercised.  2. In equities, the common stock that must be delivered when a warrant is exercised, or when a convertible bond or convertible preferred share is converted to common stock.  The price of the underlying is the main factor that determines prices of derivative securities, warrants and convertibles. Thus, a change in an underlying results in a simultaneous change in the price of the derivative asset that is linked to it. In most cases, the underlying is a security such as a stock (in the case of options) or a commodity (in the case of futures).
???? = Relative Strength  A measure of price trend that indicates how a stock is performing relative to other stocks in its industry. It is calculated dividing the price performance of a stock by the price performance of an appropriate index for the same time period.
??????? = Price-Earnings Relative  A stocks price-earnings ratio divided by the price-earnings ratio for a market measure, such as the S&amp;P 500 index or Wilshire 5000.
??????? = Bull Spread  An option strategy in which maximum profit is attained if the underlying security rises in price. Either calls or puts can be used. The lower strike price is purchased and the higher strike price is sold. The options have the same expiration date.
????????? = Bull Vertical Spread  An optimistic strategy used by investors who feel that the market price of a commodity will appreciate, but wish to limit the downside potential associated with an incorrect prediction.
?????? = ????|????????Call Loan    A loan provided to a brokerage firm and used to finance margin accounts. The interest rate on a call loan is calculated daily. The resulting interest rate is referred to as the call loan rate. Call loans use securities as collateral for the loan. It is important to note that a call loan can be canceled at any time.
???????? = ??????Call Loan Rate    The short term interest rate charged on a secured call loan, usually in margin accounts.
????? = Treasury Bill    A U.S. Government debt security with a maturity that is less than one year. Treasury bills are issued through a competitive bidding process at a discount from par. This means they do not pay fixed interest payments like most bonds do.
??????? = ???Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)    An intergovernmental organization dedicated to the stability and prosperity of the petroleum market. OPEC membership is open to any country that is a substantial exporter of oil and shares the ideals of the organization.???Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) An intergovernmental organization dedicated to the stability and prosperity of the petroleum market. OPEC membership is open to any country that is a substantial exporter of oil and shares the ideals of the organization.
????? = Research and Development (R&amp;D)  A company's activities that are directed at developing new products or procedures.
?? = Bankruptcy    When a person or firm is unable to repay debts. Thus, the ownership of the firm's assets are transferred from the stockholders to the bondholders.
???? = Bankruptcy Risk    The ever present risk that a firm will be unable to meet its debt obligations. Often referred to as default or insolvency risk.
??? = Hard Landing    A term used to describe an economy going into recession as the government attempts to slow down inflation.
??? = Hard Currency    A currency, usually from a highly industrialized country, that is widely accepted around the world.
????? = Hard Loan    A foreign loan that must be paid in the currency of a nation that has stability and a reputation abroad for economic strength (a hard currency).
?? = Note    A debt security, usually maturing in one to ten years. In comparison, bills mature in less than one year and bonds typically mature in more than 10 years.
????? = ?????Clearing House    This is a firm that guarantees the obligations of the parties in an exchange traded security or derivative transaction.
???? = ???Nominal Value The stated value of an issued security that remains fixed, as opposed to its market value, which fluctuates.
??? = Par Value    The face value of a bond.
???? = Denomination    The stated value found on financial instruments.
??? = ???Nominal Value The stated value of an issued security that remains fixed, as opposed to its market value, which fluctuates.
??? = ???IPO Lock-up  A legally binding contract between the underwriters and insiders of the company undergoing an initial public offering (IPO). The contract prevents them from selling any shares of stock for a specified period of time.
???? = Private Company A company whose ownership is private and, thus, do not need to meet the strict SEC filing requirements of public companies.
???????? = Private Investment, Public Equity (PIPE) This is when a private investment or mutual fund buys common stock for a company at a discount to the current market value per share.
???? = Private Equity When equity capital is made available to companies or investors, but not quoted on a stock market. The funds raised through private equity can be used to develop new products and technologies, to expand working capital, to make acquisitions, or to strengthen a company’s balance sheet.
???? = Private Banking Beyond just providing credit or managing investments, private banking addresses your entire financial situation. Services include everything from protecting and growing your assets in the present, to planning retirement and passing wealth on to future generations.
?? = Private Placement Raising of capital via private rather than public placement. The result is the sale of securities to a relatively small number of investors.
??? = ???Privatization  The transfer of ownership from government owned to a privately owned corporation.
???? = Seed Capital  The initial equity capital used to start a new venture or business. This initial amount is usually quite small because the venture is still in the idea or conceptual stage.
??????? = Leaseback    An arrangement where the seller of an asset leases back the same asset from the purchaser.
?? = Lease    An agreement in which one party gains a long-term rental agreement, and the other party receives a form of secured long-term debt.
?? = ????????|??|??|???|?????????|????Overhead A reference in accounting to all costs not including or related to direct labor, materials, or administration costs. A very ambiguous term unless a modifier is added. A commonly used expression is manufacturing overhead.
?????? = ??|???????|???Overhang    Calculated as stock options granted, plus the remaining options to still be granted, and then divided by the total shares outstanding.
???? = Active Investing    An investment strategy involving ongoing buying and selling actions of the investor. Active investors will purchase investments and continuously monitor their activity in order to exploit profitable conditions.
???? = Active Management    An investing strategy that seeks returns in excess of a specified benchmark.
?? = Scarcity     The basic economic problem, which arises from people having unlimited wants while there are and always will be limited resources. Because of scarcity, various economic decisions must be made to allocate resources efficiently.
?? = ????????|??|??|???|?????????|????Overhead A reference in accounting to all costs not including or related to direct labor, materials, or administration costs. A very ambiguous term unless a modifier is added. A commonly used expression is manufacturing overhead.
???? = Earnings Before Tax (EBT)    An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax).
????????? = Net Operating Profit Less Adjusted Taxes (NOPLAT)     Total operating profits for a firm with adjustments made for taxes.
??????? = Net Operating Profit After Tax (NOPAT)     A company's potential cash earnings if its capitalization was unleveraged (that is, if it had no debt). NOPAT is frequently used in economic value added (EVA) calculations. Calculated as: NOPAT = operating income x (1 - Tax rate)?
????? = After Tax Profit Margin    The ratio calculated by taking net income after taxes and dividing it by net sales.
????? = Cash Flow After Taxes    A company's cash flow after taxes is derived by taking the net income and removing charges for taxes and depreciation.
?????? = After Tax Operating Income - ATOI    A company's total operating income after taxes. Calculated by deducting taxes from total operating income.
?? = Tax Shield    The reduction in income taxes that results from taking an allowable deduction from taxable income.
?? = ????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation (EBITD)   An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, and depreciation).??|????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA)   An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, depreciation, and amortization).??|??|??????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, Amortization and Restructuring Costs (EBITDAR): An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, depreciation, amortization, and restructuring costs)
???????? = ????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation (EBITD)   An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, and depreciation).??|????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA)   An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, depreciation, and amortization).??|??|??????????Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, Amortization and Restructuring Costs (EBITDAR): An indicator of a company's financial performance calculated as: Revenue - Expenses (excluding tax, interest, depreciation, amortization, and restructuring costs)
???? = ??????????Bear Raid An illegal practice whereby investors attempt to push the price of a stock lower by taking large short positions and spreading unfavorable rumors about the target firm.
?? = Competitive Bid    A process whereby an underwriter submits a sealed bid to the issuer. The issuer awards the contract to the underwriter with the best price and contract terms.
???? = ????|????|?????Quarter (Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4) A three-month period on a financial calendar that acts as a basis for the reporting of earnings and the paying of dividends.
??????? = Escrow Agreement    A certificate provided by an approved bank that guarantees the indicated securities are deposited at that particular bank. For example, an investor who writes a call option and can present an escrow agreement is considered covered. Therefore, the investor doesn't need to meet margin requirements.
??????? = Escrow    A financial instrument held by a third party on behalf of others until their written or oral instructions or obligations have been fulfilled. Securities, funds and other assets can be held in escrow. An escrow account can be used in the sale of a house, for example. If there are conditions to the sale, such as the passing of an inspection, the buyer and seller may agree to use escrow. In this case, the buyer of the property will deposit the payment amount for the house in an escrow account held by a third party. This assures the seller - in the process of allowing the house to be inspected - that the buyer is capable of making payment. Once all of the conditions to the sale are satisfied, the escrow transfers the payment to the seller, and title is transferred to the buyer.
???? = ????|????|?????Quarter (Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4) A three-month period on a financial calendar that acts as a basis for the reporting of earnings and the paying of dividends.
????? = ????|????|?????Quarter (Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4) A three-month period on a financial calendar that acts as a basis for the reporting of earnings and the paying of dividends.
?? = ??|??Parity 1. In general, a situation of equality. Parity can occur in many different contexts, but it always means that two things are equal. For example, in the foreign-exchange market, currencies are at parity when their exchange rate is exactly 1 to 1. 2. The official value. In other words, the par value. 3. In an exchange market, when all brokers bidding for the same security have equal standing due to identical bids. When parity occurs, the market must determine which bidding broker will obtain the security by alternative means. Therefore, the winning bid is typically awarded by random draw.???Par    1. The face value of a bond. Generally $1,000 for corporate issues, with higher denominations such as $10,000 for many government issues. 2. A dollar amount assigned to a security when first issued.  For stocks, par is usually a small dollar amount that bears no relationship to the security's market price.
???? = Parity Bond    Two or more bond issues with equal rights to bond payments and pledged revenues.
??????? = Manager Universe (Benchmark)     The comparison of an account's performance to the performance of a representative peer group of money managers.
??????? = Management Buyout (MBO)     When the managers and/or executive of a company purchase controlling interest in a company.
???? = Management Fee    A fixed fee that a mutual fund manager charges investors for his services and work with the fund.
????? = Assets Under Management    In general, the market value of assets an investment company manages on behalf of investors.
??? = ???Sector   A particular group of securities that are in the same industry.
?? = Actuary    A professional working for an insurance company. They evaluate your application and medical records to project how long you will live.
????? = Systematic Risk    Risk that influences a large number of assets.
?? = Squeeze    1. In financial terms, a period of time when borrowing is difficult. 2. In general business terms, times when increasing costs cannot be passed onto consumers. The decrease in profits is said to be caused by a "squeeze" on profit margins.
???? = Credit Crunch    An economic condition whereby investment capital is difficult to obtain. Banks and investors become weary of lending funds to corporations thereby driving up the price of debt products for borrowers.
???? = Cumulative Dividend    A limitation placed upon corporations ensuring the payment of preferred dividends before making distributions to common shareholders. If a company fails to make a dividend distribution to preferred shareholders with a cumulative dividend, they will be required to catch up the payment before any other distributions can be made to common shareholders.
???? = Cumulative Voting    The procedure of voting for a company's directors, where each shareholder is entitled one vote per share times the number of directors to be elected. This is sometimes known as proportional voting.
??? = Progressive Tax A tax that takes a larger percentage from the income of high-income people than it does from low-income people.
??? = Regressive Tax     A tax that takes a larger percentage from the income of low-income people than the income of high-income people.
????? = ?????????|???Red Herring  A preliminary registration statement that must be filed with the SEC or provincial securities commission. It describes the issue (IPO) and the prospects of the company. here is no price or issue size stated in the red herring, and it is sometimes updated several times before being called the final prospectus. It is known as a red herring because it contains a passage in red that states the company is not attempting to sell its shares before the registration is approved by the SEC.
???? = Red Chip A company incorporated and listed in Hong Kong with controlling Chinese shareholders.
??? = ?????????|???Red Herring  A preliminary registration statement that must be filed with the SEC or provincial securities commission. It describes the issue (IPO) and the prospects of the company. here is no price or issue size stated in the red herring, and it is sometimes updated several times before being called the final prospectus. It is known as a red herring because it contains a passage in red that states the company is not attempting to sell its shares before the registration is approved by the SEC.
??? = Clean Price The price quoted for a bond excluding accrued interest.
?????? = Coverage Initiated When a brokerage or analyst issues his/her first rating on a particular stock.
?????? = ???????????????National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System (Nasdaq)   Created in 1971, the Nasdaq was the world's first electronic stock market. The Nasdaq is a computerized system that facilitates trading and provides price quotations on some 5,000 of the more actively traded over-the-counter stocks.
???? = Vertical Merger A merger between two companies producing different goods or services for one specific finished product.
???? = Vertical Market    A focused market that is only able to meet the need of one specific industry.
???? = Vertical Integration When a company expands its business into areas that are at different points of the same production path.
?? = ??Soft Money 1. Government and organizations refer to this as 'one time' funding for a project or special purpose. 2. Describes paper currency, as opposed to gold, silver, or some other coined metal.
??????? = New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)    A corporation, operated by a board of directors, responsible for setting policies, supervising the stock exchange and its member activities, and listing securities. The NYSE also oversees the transfer of members' seats on the Exchange, judging whether a potential applicant is qualified to be a specialist.
??????????? = NYSE Composite Index Measures all common stocks listed on the New York Stock Exchange and four subgroup indexes: Industrial, Transportation, Utility, and Finance. The index tracks the change in market value of NYSE common stocks, adjusted to eliminate the effects of new listings and de-listings. The market value of each stock is calculated by multiplying its price per share by the number of shares listed.
???? = Current Account    The difference between a nation's total exports of goods, services, and transfers, and its total imports of them. Current account balance calculations exclude transactions in financial assets and liabilities.
???? = Economy    A set of interrelated economic production and consumption activities.
????????? = Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) The OECD is a group of 30 member countries who discuss and develop economic and social policy.
???? = Economic Value Added (EVA) A measure of a company's financial performance coined by Stern Stewart &amp; Co. EVA measures the residual wealth of a company when its cost of capital is deducted from its operating profit (adjusted for taxes on a cash basis). EVA is calculated as: Net Operating profit After taxes (NOPAT) - (Capital * Cost of Capital).
??? = Economics The study of how people use their limited resources in an attempt to satisfy unlimited wants.
???? = Depression    A severe and prolonged recession characterized by inefficient economic productivity, high unemployment, and falling price levels.
???? = Recession A significant decline in activity spread across the economy, lasting longer than a few months. It is visible in industrial production, employment, real income, and wholesale-retail trade. The technical indicator of a recession is two consecutive quarters of negative economic growth as measured by a country's GDP.
?????????? = Negotiated Underwriting When the purchase price and commission for underwriting a new issue are negotiated, as opposed to using the competitive bid process.
???????? = House Call Notification from a broker that a customer's equity in a margin account is below the required maintenance level. The customer must provide more cash or securities to meet a house call.
???? = Crystallization  The act of selling and buying stocks almost instantaneously in order to increase or decrease book value.
????? = Structural Unemployment  Unemployment resulting from changes in the basic composition of the economy. These changes simultaneously open new positions for trained workers.
????? = Structured Note  1. A synthetic medium-term debt obligation with embedded components and characteristics that adjust the risk/return profile of the security.   2. An instrument whose value is determined by the price movement of the asset underlying the note. It allows investors to realize a profit from favorable price movements.
????? = Structured Finance  A service offered by many large financial institutions for companies with very unique financing needs. These financing needs usually don't match conventional financial products such as a loan. Structured finance generally involves highly complex financial transactions.
?? = Clearing    The procedure by which an organization acts as an intermediary and assumes the role of a buyer and seller for transactions in order to reconcile orders between transacting parties. Clearing is necessary for the matching of all buy and sell orders in the market. It provides smoother and more efficient markets, as parties can make transfers to the clearing corporation, rather than to each individual party with whom they have transacted.
???? = Settlement Price    The average price that a contract trades at, calculated for both the open and the close of each trading day.
???? = Settlement Date    1. The date by which an executed security trade must be settled. That is, the date by which a buyer must pay for the securities delivered by the seller. 2. The payment date of benefits from a life insurance policy.
??? = ?????Clearing House    This is a firm that guarantees the obligations of the parties in an exchange traded security or derivative transaction.
???? = Clearing Fee    A fee charged by clearing corporations for their services provided to investment firms.
???? = Conglomerate    A company that consists of a grouping of businesses from unrelated streams.
???? = Downsize    Reducing the size of a company by eliminating workers and/or divisions within the company.
???? = Online Banking The performance of banking activities via the Internet.
???? = Herd Instinct Characterized by a lack of individuality, herd mentality is associated with people thinking and acting like the general population.
?????? = American Depository Receipt (ADR)  A stock representing a specified number of shares in a foreign corporation. ADRs are bought and sold in the American markets just like regular stocks. An ADR is issued by a U.S. Bank, consisting of a bundle of shares of a foreign corporation that are being held in custody overseas. The foreign entity must provide financial information to the sponsor bank. ADRs do not eliminate the currency and economic risks for the underlying shares in another country. ADRs are listed on either the NYSE, AMEX, or Nasdaq.
?????? = American Depository Share (ADS)  A share issued under deposit agreement that represents an underlying security in the issuer's home country.
??????? = American Stock Exchange  The third largest stock exchange in the United States. The AMEX is located in New York and handles approximately 10% of all securities traded in the States.
??????????? ??????? = Securities &amp; Exchange Commission (SEC)  A government commission created by Congress to regulate the securities markets and protect investors. In addition to regulation and protection, it also monitors the corporate takeovers in the United States. The SEC is composed of five commissioners appointed by the president of the United States and approved by the Senate. The statutes administered by the SEC are designed to promote full public disclosure and protect the investing public against fraudulent and manipulative practices in the securities markets. Generally, most issues of securities offered in interstate commerce, through the mail, or on the Internet, must be registered with the SEC.
????????? = CUSIP Number  A number identifying all stocks and registered bonds. The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures (CUSIP) oversees the entire CUSIP system.
????? = U.S. Treasury  The United States Department of the Treasury is the government department responsible for issuing all Treasury bonds, notes, and bills.
??????????????? = Treasury Note  A marketable, fixed-interest rate U.S. Government debt security with a maturity between 1 and 10 years.
???? = American Option    An option that can be exercised anytime during its life.
??? = Durables  A category of consumer goods, durables are products which do not have to be purchased frequently. This includes appliances, home and office furnishings, lawn and garden equipment, consumer electronics, toy makers, small tool manufacturers, sporting goods, photographic equipment, and jewelry.
??? = The Fed    The governing body of the Federal Reserve System. The seven members of the Board of Governors are appointed by the president, subject to confirmation by the Senate.
???? = Joint Account    A brokerage or bank account that is owned together (jointly) by two or more people.
???? = Pegged exchange rate    A method of stabilizing a country's currency by fixing its exchange rate to that of another country.
???? = Affiliated Companies    A situation that occurs when one company owns a minority interest (less than 50%) in another company. Also refers to companies that are related to each other in some way.
?????? = Federal Reserve System (the Fed)     The central bank of the United States. The Fed, as it is commonly called, regulates the U.S. monetary and financial system. The Federal Reserve System is composed of a central governmental agency in Washington, D.C. (the Board of Governors) and twelve regional Federal Reserve Banks in major cities throughout the United States.
??????? = Federal Reserve Board (FRB)     The governing body of the Federal Reserve System. The seven members of the Board of Governors are appointed by the president, subject to confirmation by the Senate.
?????? = Fed Model    A model thought to be used by the Federal Reserve that hypothesizes a relationship between long-term treasury notes and the market return of equities.
?????? = Federal Reserve Bank    The banks that carry out Fed operations, including controlling the money supply and regulating member banks. There are 12 District Feds, headquartered in Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Cleveland, St. Louis, San Francisco, Richmond, Atlanta, Chicago, Minneapolis, Kansas City, and Dallas.
???? = Federal Funds    The funds deposited to regional Federal Reserve Banks by commercial banks, including funds in excess of reserve requirements.
?????? = Federal Funds Rate    The interest rate at which a depository institution lends immediately available funds (balances at the Federal Reserve) to another depository institution overnight.
?????? = Shareholder Value Transfer (SVT) A measurement of the amount of shareholders' equity flowing out of a company to its executives through exercised stock options.
???? = Shareholder Value Added (SVA)    A value-based performance measure of a company's worth to shareholders. The basic calculation is net operating profit after tax (NOPAT) minus the cost of capital from the issuance of debt and equity, based on the company's weighted average cost of capital (WACC).
????? = Total Shareholder Return 1. The total return of a stock to an investor (capital gain plus dividends). 2. The internal rate of return of all cash flows to an investor during the holding period of an investment.
???? = Shareholders Equity A firms total assets minus its total liabilities, or equivalently, share capital plus retained earnings minus treasury shares. It is the amount of the company that is financed through common and preferred shares.
????????? = Down-and-Out Option    An option that ceases to exist when the price of an underlying security sinks to a specified level.
????????? = Down-and-In Option  An option that comes into existence when the price of an underlying security sinks to a specified level.
???????? = Price-To-Cash-Flow Ratio A measure of the market's expectations regarding a firm's future financial health. It is calculated by dividing price per share by cash flow per share.
????????? = Price-To-Book Ratio A ratio used to compare a stock's market value to its book value. It is calculated by dividing the current closing price of the stock by the latest quarter's book value (Book value is simply assets minus liabilities).
???????? = Price-To-Sales Ratio A technique for finding a stock's valuation relative to its own past performance, other companies, or the market itself. It is calculated by dividing a stock's current price by its revenue per share.
???? = Joint Stock Company An organization that falls between the definitions of a partnership and corporation. This type of company issues stock and allows for secondary market trading, however, stockholders are liable for company debts.
?????? = Market Exposure    The amount an individual or mutual fund has invested in the stock market, usually calculated as a percentage.
?? = Dividend    A cash payment, using profits, announced by a company's board of directors and distributed among stockholders. Dividends may be in the form of cash, stock, or property. All dividends must be declared by the board of directors.
??????? = Dividend Reinvestment Plan    A plan offered by a corporation giving investors the option of reinvesting their cash dividends by purchasing additional shares or fractional shares on the dividend payment date.
????? = Declaration Date The date and amount of the next dividend payment as set by the board of directors.
????? = Dividend Payout Ratio The percentage of earnings paid to shareholders in dividends. Calculated as: Yearly Dividend per Share / Earnings per Share; or equivalently: Dividends / Net Income.
????? = Dividend Yield    An indication of the income generated by a share of stock. Dividend yield is calculated by taking annual dividends per share and dividing by price per share.
???? = Dividend Policy    The policy a company uses to decide how much it will pay out to shareholders in dividends.
?????? = Dividend Discount Model (DDM) A procedure for valuing the price of a stock by using predicted dividends and discounting them back to present value. The idea is that if the value obtained from the DDM is higher than what the shares are currently trading at, then the stock is undervalued. Calculated as: Dividend per share / Discount Rate - Dividend growth rate.
?? = Share Certificates representing ownership in a corporation.??Equity 1. A term describing stock, or any security, representing an ownership interest. 2.On the balance sheet, equity refers to the value of the funds contributed by the owners (the stockholders) plus the retained earnings (or losses).
????? = Return On Equity (ROE)    A measure of a corporation's profitability, calculated as: Net Income / Shareholder's Equity. The ROE is useful in comparing the profitability of a company to other firms in the same industry.
???? = Cost of Equity The return that stockholders require for a company. The traditional formula is the dividend capitalization model:
??? = Share Capital The portion of a corporation's equity obtained from issuing shares in return for cash or other considerations.
???? = ????|?????Voting Trust A trust legally created in order to combine the voting power of shareholders through the transference of legal title and voting rights to a designated trustee for a set duration. There are many reasons stockholders may wish to form these trusts. For example, they may create one in the hopes of maintaining control within a corporation through a unified vote. Or they may want to use it as a form of protection from corporate creditors. The laws of different states usually have limitations on the duration of a trust, as it is a legally binding agreement.
?????? = Tender Offer An offer to purchase some or all of shareholders' shares in a corporation. The price offered is usually at a premium to the market price.
????? = ????|????Record Date The date established by an issuer of a security for the purpose of determining the holders who are entitled to receive a dividend or distribution.
?? = Share Certificates representing ownership in a corporation.??Equity 1. A term describing stock, or any security, representing an ownership interest. 2.On the balance sheet, equity refers to the value of the funds contributed by the owners (the stockholders) plus the retained earnings (or losses).
????????? = Trading Below Cash When a company's total share value is less than its cash minus debts.
???? = Equity Multiplier Total assets divided by total common stockholders' equity.
?????? = Equity-Linked Note An instrument whose return is determined by the performance of a single equity security, a basket of equity securities, or an equity index.
?????? = Equity Carve-out 1. Sometimes known as a partial spinoff, a carve out occurs when a parent company sells a minority (usually 20% or less) stake in a subsidiary for an IPO or rights offering. 2. Where an established brick-and-mortar company hooks up with venture investors and a new management team to launch an Internet spinoff.
?????? = Equity Unit Investment Trust A registered trust in which investors purchase units from a fixed portfolio of equities are chosen and passively managed by a professional money manager.
???? = Stock Quote A list of prices, both bid and ask, for a stock during a particular trading day. Stocks used to be quoted in fractions, but now most all exchanges use decimals.
???? = Stock Option A privilege, sold by one party to another, that gives the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to buy (call) or sell (put) a stock at an agreed-upon price during a certain period of time or on a specific date.
???? = Stock Record A system that helps brokerage firms keep track of the position and physical location of the securities they are holding.
???? = Stock Dividend A dividend payment made in the form of additional shares, rather than a cash payout.
???? = Equity Financing Raising money for company activities by selling common or preferred stock to individual or institutional investors. In return for the money paid, shareholders receive ownership interests in the corporation.
???? = Equity Fund A mutual fund that invests in a broad, well diversified group of stocks.
?????? = Equity Risk Premium The extra return that the stock market provides over the risk free rate to compensate for market risk.
????? = Back-to-Back Loan  A loan where two companies in different countries borrow offsetting amounts in each other's currency. The purpose of this transaction is to hedge against currency fluctuations.
???? = Power Ratio    Measures a media company's revenue performance in comparison to the audience share they control. You need to know three numbers in order to make this calculation work: 1. Total Market Revenue 2. The Company's Revenue 3. The Audience Share.
?????? = Automated Bond System (ABS) The electronic system on the NYSE that records bids and offers for inactively traded bonds. The system continues to monitor until the bonds are cancelled or executed.
???????? = Automated Confirmation Transaction Service (ACT)  An automated system designed to document and report the clearing of trades in the Nasdaq market.
???? = Natural Unemployment    The long-term sustainable rate of unemployment within an economy.
???? = ????Organic Growth    The growth rate of a company, excluding any growth from takeovers, acquisitions, or mergers.
??????? = Laissez Faire  An economic theory from the 18th century that is strongly opposed to any government intervention in business affairs.
????? = Free Cash Flow  A measure of how much cash a company has after paying its bills for ongoing activities and growth.
?????? = ????Proprietary Trading When a firm trades for direct gain instead of commission dollars. Essentially, the firm has decided to profit from the market rather than commissions from processing trades.
???? = ????Proprietary Trading When a firm trades for direct gain instead of commission dollars. Essentially, the firm has decided to profit from the market rather than commissions from processing trades.
???? = Economies of Scope An economic theory stating that the average total cost of production decreases as a result of increasing the number of different goods produced.
????? = Dutch Auction    An auction where the price on an item is lowered until it gets its first bid, and then the item is sold at that price.
???? = Profit Taking    Occurs when traders sell stock to cash in on a sharp rise. This action pushes prices down temporarily. When traders are profit taking, the implication is that there is an upward trend in the security. For example, in the media you might hear something like this: "Markets were down today as traders took some profits off the table." It's common for prices to retract to some extent even in bull markets.
???? = ????|????Going Concern  A term for a company that has the resources needed in order to continue to operate. If a company is not a going concern, it means the company has gone bankrupt.
???? = ????????|??|??|???|?????????|????Overhead A reference in accounting to all costs not including or related to direct labor, materials, or administration costs. A very ambiguous term unless a modifier is added. A commonly used expression is manufacturing overhead.
????? = Net Operating Income (NOI)     A company's operating income minus income taxes and minority interest.
????? = Operating Margin     Calculated by dividing a company's operating profit by net sales.
???? = Operating Expenses   The essential things that a company must purchase in order to maintain business.
???? = Operating Income    The profit realized from a business' own operations.
???? = Operating Ratio    The ratio that shows the efficiency of management. Calculated as: Operating Expense / Net Sales. The smaller the ratio, the greater the organization's ability to generate profit if revenues decrease.
????? = Operating Cash Flow (OCF)     The cash generated from the operations of a company. In general terms, it is defined as revenues less all operating expenses.
???? = Operating Lease    A lease contract that allows the use of an asset, but does not convey rights similar to ownership of the asset.
???? = Operating Leverage    A measurement of the degree to which a firm or project relies on fixed rather than variable costs.
???? = Working Capital    A valuation metric that is calculated as current assets minus current liabilities.
??????? = Working Capital Turnover    A measurement comparing the depletion of working capital with the generation of sales over a given period.
?? = Blue Chip    A security from a well-established, financially-sound, and stable company that has demonstrated its ability to pay dividends in both good and bad times.
???? = ????Funded Debt A long term debt that matures after more than one year.
???? = Leveraged Lease    A lease agreement wherein the lessor, by borrowing funds from a lending institution, finances the purchase of the asset being leased.
?????? = Leveraged Recapitalization    A strategy where a company takes on significant additional debt with the purpose of either paying a large dividend or repurchasing shares. The result is a far more financially leveraged company.
???? = ????|????Sector Fund A mutual fund whose objective is to invest in a particular industry or sector of the economy to capitalize on returns.
???? = ???Sector   A particular group of securities that are in the same industry.
????? = Behavioral Economics  A field of economics that studies how the actual decision-making process influences the decisions that are reached.
????? = Behavioral Finance A field of finance that proposes psychology-based theories to explain stock market anomalies. Within behavioral finance it is assumed that the information structure and the characteristics of market participants systematically influence their investment decisions as well as market outcomes.
?? = ??Exercise An action by a stockholder taking advantage of a privilege offered by a company or other financial institution. This includes warrants, options, and other exotic financial instruments.
???? = ????Strike Price    The stated price per share for which underlying stock may be purchased (for a call) or sold (for a put) by the option holder upon exercise of the option contract. The difference between the underlying security's current market price and the option's strike price represents the amount of profit per share gained upon the exercise or the sale of the option. This is true for options that are in the money; the maximum amount that can be lost is the premium paid. Strike prices are one of the key determinants of the premium, which represents the market value of an options contract. Other determinants include the time until expiration, the volatility of the underlying security and prevailing interest rates. Strike prices are established when a contract is first written. Most strike prices are in increments of $2.50 and $5. Also called "exercise price" or “striking price”.
???? = ????Strike Price    The stated price per share for which underlying stock may be purchased (for a call) or sold (for a put) by the option holder upon exercise of the option contract. The difference between the underlying security's current market price and the option's strike price represents the amount of profit per share gained upon the exercise or the sale of the option. This is true for options that are in the money; the maximum amount that can be lost is the premium paid. Strike prices are one of the key determinants of the premium, which represents the market value of an options contract. Other determinants include the time until expiration, the volatility of the underlying security and prevailing interest rates. Strike prices are established when a contract is first written. Most strike prices are in increments of $2.50 and $5. Also called "exercise price" or “striking price”.
???? = Derivative  A security, such as an option or futures contract, whose value depends on the performance of an underlying security.
???? = Buy-In When an investor is forced to repurchase shares because the seller did not deliver the securities in a timely fashion, or did not deliver them at all. Those who fail to deliver the securities will be notified with a buy-in notice. Failure to answer the buy-in notice means the broker can buy the securities and deliver them on your behalf. You must then pay back the broker at whatever price.
??? = Voting Right The right of a stockholder to vote on matters of corporate policy making as well as on who will compose the board of directors.
????? = ????|?????Voting Trust A trust legally created in order to combine the voting power of shareholders through the transference of legal title and voting rights to a designated trustee for a set duration. There are many reasons stockholders may wish to form these trusts. For example, they may create one in the hopes of maintaining control within a corporation through a unified vote. Or they may want to use it as a form of protection from corporate creditors. The laws of different states usually have limitations on the duration of a trust, as it is a legally binding agreement.
??????? = Bulge Bracket The group of firms in an underwriting syndicate who sold the largest amount of the issue.
???? = Performance Shares Shares of company stock that are given to managers only if certain performance criteria is met.
?????? = Underperform  An analyst recommendation that means a stock is expected to do slightly worse than the market return.
?????? = Market Outperform An analyst recommendation meaning a stock is expected to do slightly better than the market return.Outperform An analyst recommendation meaning a stock is expected to do slightly better than the market return.
???? = Passive Investing    An investment strategy involving limited ongoing buying and selling actions. Passive investors will purchase investments with the intention of long-term appreciation and limited maintenance.
????? = Required Reserves  Requirements regarding the amount of funds that banks must hold in reserve against deposits made by their customers. This money must be in the bank's vaults or at the closest Federal Reserve Bank.
????? = Required Rate Of Return  The rate of return needed to induce investors to invest in a security.
?????? = ??????Demand Note    A loan with no fixed term or set duration of repayment. It can be recalled upon the lenders request, assuming the notice required by the provisions of the loan is met.
????? = Diseconomies of Scale    An economic theory that describes a situation in which economies of scale no longer function for a firm. Rather than experiencing continued decreasing costs per increase in output, firms see an increase in marginal cost when output is increased.
???? = Economies of Scale    An economic theory stating that a plant's marginal cost of production decrease as the plant's operation increases.
????? = Econometrics    The application of statistical theories to economic ones for the purpose of forecasting future trends.
???? = Backlog    The total value of sales orders waiting to be fulfilled.
?????? = ??????Put Warrant A warrant that gives the holder the right to sell the underlying share for an agreed price, on or before a specified date.
???? = (Subscription/Stock) Warrant    A derivative security that gives the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame.
?????? = Warrant Coverage    An agreement between a company and its shareholders whereby the company issues warrants equal to some percentage of the dollar amount of the shareholder's investment.
?????? = Warrant Premium    The premium paid for the rights associated with a warrant.
???? = Undersubscribed    When the demand for a new issue of securities (IPO) is less than the number of shares issued. This is sometimes referred to as an underbooking. Opposite of "oversubscribed".
???? = ????|????Record Date The date established by an issuer of a security for the purpose of determining the holders who are entitled to receive a dividend or distribution.
?? = Certificate Another name for stock, certificate actually refers to the physical piece of paper representing ownership in a company.
?? = Security    An instrument representing ownership (stocks), a debt agreement (bonds), or the rights to ownership (derivatives).
???? = Securities Lending    When a brokerage lends securities owned by its clients to short sellers.
????? = Security Analyst One who studies various industries and companies, providing research reports and valuation reports. Analysts make the buy, sell, and hold recommendations.
??? = Securitization    The process of creating a financial instrument by combining other financial assets and then marketing them to investors.
????? = Assessed Value    The estimated value of real estate that is used for tax purposes.
?? = Rating 1. An evaluation of a corporate or municipal bond's relative safety from an investment standpoint. Basically, it scrutinizes the issuer's ability to repay principal and make interest payments.  2. An analyst's recommendation on whether to buy, sell, or hold a specific stock.
???? = Rating Agency A company, such as Moody's or Standard &amp; Poor's, that rates various debt and preferred stock issues for safety of payment of principal, interest, or dividends
???? = ????Markdown    The difference between the highest current bid price among broker-dealers in the market and the lower price that a dealer charges a customer.
???? = Beta (Coefficient) The measure of systematic risk of a security. Beta (or beta coefficient) is a means of measuring the volatility of a security or portfolio of securities in comparison with the market as a whole. Beta is calculated using regression analysis. A beta of 1 indicates that the security's price will move with the market. A beta greater than 1 indicates that the security's price will be more volatile than the market. A beta less than 1 means that it will be less volatile than the market.
?? = Liability (usu. liabilities) A legal debt or obligation estimated via accrual accounting. Recorded on the balance sheet, current liabilities are debts payable within one year, while long-term liabilities are debts payable over a longer period.
???? = ????Leveraged Buyout (LBO) A strategy involving the acquisition of another company using borrowed money (bonds or loans). The acquiring company uses its own assets as collateral for the loan in hopes that the future cash flows will cover the loan payments.
???? = Debt Ratio A ratio that indicates what proportion of debt a company has relative to its assets. The measure gives an idea to the leverage of the company along with the potential risks the company faces in terms of its debt-load. A debt ratio of greater than 1 indicates that a company has more debt than assets, meanwhile, a debt ratio of less than 1 indicates that a company has more assets than debt. Used in conjunction with other measures of financial health, the debt ratio can help investors determine a company's level of risk. Debt ratio = total debt / total assets.????|??????Gearing Ratio    A general term describing a financial ratio that compares some form of owner's equity (or capital) to borrowed funds. Gearing is a measure of financial leverage, demonstrating the degree to which a firm's activities are funded by owner's funds versus creditor's funds.  The higher a company's degree of leverage, the more the company is considered risky. As for most ratios, an acceptable level is determined by its comparison to ratios of companies in the same industry. The best known examples of gearing ratios include the debt-to-equity ratio (total debt / total equity), times interest earned (EBIT / total interest), equity ratio (equity / assets), and debt ratio (total debt / total assets). A company with high gearing (high leverage) is more vulnerable to downturns in the business cycle because the company must continue to service its debt regardless of how bad sales are. A greater proportion of equity provides a cushion and is seen as a measure of financial strength.
??? = Negative Goodwill A gain occurring when the price paid for an acquisition is less than the fair value of its net assets.
???? = Negative Income Tax A taxation system where income subsidies are given to persons or families that are below the poverty line.
????? = ??????Negative Pledge Clause    A negative covenant in an indenture, it states that the corporation will not pledge any of its assets if doing so would give the lenders less security. A negative pledge clause is just another way for bondholders to protect their investment.  By including a negative pledge clause in a bond indenture, the bondholders of the current bond issue prevent the company from issuing any debt in the future which would jeopardize their current priority claim on the company's assets. Including a negative pledge cause in a bond indenture increases the safety of the bond issue from the investors' perspective, and therefore often allows the bond issuer to borrow funds at a slightly lower interest rate. Also be referred to as a "covenant of equal coverage".
??? = Negative Carry    A transaction where the cost of financing exceeds the yield earned in a securities or financial futures position.
???????? = ????Downside    The potential dollar amount by which the market or a stock could fall. You might hear someone say that the downside on stock XYZ is $10. What that means is that the stock could fall by this amount if things got bad. Downside is usually gauged by either fundamental or technical factors.
???? = ????Negative Covenant A bond covenant that prevents certain activities, unless agreed to by the bondholders. Negative covenants are written directly into the agreement creating the bond issue, are legally binding on the issuer, and exist to protect the best interests of the bondholders. Also referred to as "restrictive covenant". Think of a negative covenant as a promise not to do something. Usually, negative covenants limit the amount of dividends a firm can pay to shareholders and restrict the ability of the firm to issue additional debt. Generally, the more negative covenants exist in a bond issue, the lower the interest rate on the debt will be since the restrictive covenants make the bonds safer in the eyes of investors.
?? = Property A legally owned possession or real estate.
??? = Property Tax A tax assessed on real estate by the local government. The tax is usually based on the value of property (including the land) you own.
?? = Finance   The science that describes the management of money, banking, credit, investments, and assets.
???? = Fiscal Agent An organization, such as a bank or trust company, that takes responsibility for the fiscal duties of an unrelated party.
???? = Financial Accounting Reporting of the financial position and performance of a firm through financial statements issued to external users on a periodic basis.
????????? = Financial Accounting Standards Board - (FASB) Designated as the organization for establishing standards of financial accounting and reporting. FASB standards govern the preparation of financial reports and are recognized by the SEC.
???? = Fiscal Year Any 12-month period that a company uses for accounting purposes.
???? = Financial Performance A company's ability to generate new resources, from day-to-day operations, over a given period of time.
???? = Financial Planner An investment professional who assists individuals put together a financial plan and coordinate various financial activities.
??500 = Fortune 500 An annual list of the 500 largest companies in the United States. The list is compiled using the most recent figures for revenue.
?????? = Wealth Added Index (WAI) Designed by the Steward Stern &amp; Co. consulting firm, this index measures wealth intuitively as returns exceeding shareholder's cost of capital.
???? = Wealth Effect    The "wealth effect" refers to the propensity of people to spend more if they have more assets. The premise is that when the value of equities rises, so does our wealth and disposable income. Therefore, we feel more comfortable about spending.
???? = Wealth Management A professional service which is the combination of financial/investment advice, accounting/tax services, and legal/estate planning for one fee.
???? = Fiscal Policy    Government spending policies that influence macroeconomic conditions. These policies affect tax rates, interest rates, and government spending, in an effort to control the economy.
????? = Book Runner    The managing or lead underwriter who maintains the books of securities sold for a new issue.
???? = Book Value 1. The value at which an asset is carried on a balance sheet. In other words, the cost of an asset minus accumulated depreciation. 2. The net asset value of a company. Calculated by total assets minus intangible assets (patents, goodwill) and liabilities.
?????? = Carrying Value    Also known as "book value," it is a company's total assets minus intangible assets and liabilities, such as debt.
?? = ??Money 1. A commodity or asset, such as gold, an officially issued currency, coin, or paper note, that can be legally exchanged for something equivalent, such as goods or services. 2. As defined by common law: a medium of exchange authorized or adopted by a domestic or foreign government and includes a monetary unit of account established by an intergovernmental organization or by agreement between two or more nations.?Currency  Money circulated within an economy, including coins and paper notes.
???? = ????Currency Swap A swap that involves the exchange of principal and interest in one currency for the same in another currency.
???? = Money Supply The entire quantity of a country's bills, coins, loans, credit, and other liquid instruments in the economy. It is divided into three categories, M1, M2, and M3, according to the type and size of account the instrument is kept in.
?????1 = M1 The category of the money supply that includes all physical money like coins and currency. It also includes demand deposits, which are checking accounts and NOW accounts.
?????2 = M2 A category of the money supply that includes M1 in addition to all time-related deposits, savings deposits, and non-institutional money-market funds.
?????3 = M3 A category of the money supply that includes M2 in addition to all large time deposits, institutional money-market funds, short-term repurchase agreements, along with other larger liquid assets.
??? = ???Monetize    1. To convert into money.   2. To convert from securities into currency that can be used to purchase goods and services.
???? = Money Market The securities market dealing in short-term debt and monetary instruments. Money market instruments are forms of debt that mature in less than one year and are very liquid.
?????? = Money Market Fund A mutual fund that invests in short-term debt instruments. The fund's objective is to earn interest for shareholders while maintaining a net asset value of $1.00 per share.
?????? = Money Market Account A savings account that offers the competitive rate of interest (real rate) in exchange for larger than normal deposits.
???? = ????Currency Swap A swap that involves the exchange of principal and interest in one currency for the same in another currency.
???? = Monetary Policy The actions of a central bank, currency board, or other regulatory committee, that determine the size and rate of growth of the money supply, which in turn affects interest rates.
???? = Currency Option    A contract that grants the holder the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell currency at a specified price during a specified period of time.
???? = Currency Futures A transferable futures contract that specifies the price at which a specified currency can be bought or sold at a future date.
???? = Money Flow    Calculated by averaging the high, low, and closing prices, and multiplying by the daily volume. Comparing that result with the number for the previous day tells you whether money flow was positive or negative for the current day.
?????? = Money Flow Index (MFI) A momentum indicator that measures the strength of money in and out of a security. A divergence between the MFI and price trend can be interpreted as a possible trend reversal.
?????? = Currency Overlay The outsourcing of currency risk management to a specialist firm, known as the overlay manager. This is used in international investment portfolios to separate the management of currency risk from the asset allocation and security selection decisions of the investor's money managers.
???? = Currency Forward    A forward contract that locks-in the price an entity can buy or sell currency on a future date.
?? = ??Depreciation 1. An expense recorded to reduce the value of a long-term tangible asset. Since it is a non-cash expense, it increases free cash flow while decreasing the amount of a company's reported earnings. 2. A decrease in the value of a particular currency relative to other currencies.?Devaluation  Lowering the value of a country's currency compared to the value of a commodity or to the value of another country's currency.
??? = Buying Power The money an investor has available to buy securities. In a margin account, the buying power is the total cash held in the brokerage account plus maximum margin available.Purchasing Power    The ability to purchase goods and services, or the amount of goods and services that one unit of money can buy.
???? = Purchase Acquisition An accounting method used in mergers and acquisitions where the purchasing company treats the target firm as an investment, adding the company's assets to its own at fair market value.
??? = Right    A security giving stockholders entitlement to purchase new shares issued by the corporation at a predetermined price (normally less than the current market price) in proportion to the number of shares already owned. Rights are issued only for a short period of time, after which they expire.
????? = Rights Issue    The issuing of rights, to existing shareholders of a security, to buy a proportional number of additional securities at a given price (usually at a discount) within a fixed period.Rights Offering The issuing of rights, to existing shareholders of a security, to buy a proportional number of additional securities at a given price (usually at a discount) within a fixed period.
?? = ??|??Discount    The condition of the price of a bond that is lower than par. The discount equals the difference between the price paid for a security and the security's par value. For example, if a bond with a par value of $1,000 is currently selling for $990 dollars, it is selling at a discount. Opposite to "premium".
?? = ??|??Discount    The condition of the price of a bond that is lower than par. The discount equals the difference between the price paid for a security and the security's par value. For example, if a bond with a par value of $1,000 is currently selling for $990 dollars, it is selling at a discount. Opposite to "premium".
???? = ????Discount Bond  A bond that is valued at less than its face amount.
??? = ???Discount Rate  1. The interest rate that an eligible depository institution is charged to borrow short term funds directly from a Federal Reserve Bank. 2. The interest rate used in determining the present value of future cash flows.
????? = Discounted Cash Flow (DCF)  A method used to estimate the attractiveness of an investment opportunity.
???? = ????Discount Note  An unsecured corporate debt that is issued at a discount and matures at par. It is similar to a zero coupon bond or T-bill. Discount notes give institutional and retail investors convenient choices with respect to the investment size and maturity date for a short-term investment.
??? = Discount Window  The location at the Federal Reserve where financial institutions go to borrow money at the discount rate.
???? = Precious Metal  A general term used to describe valuable metals such as gold, iridium, palladium, platinum, and silver.
?? = Loan  When a lender gives money or property to a borrower and the borrower agrees to return the property or repay the borrowed money along with interest, at a predetermined date in the future.
??????? = Loan to Value Ratio  A lending risk ratio calculated by dividing the total amount for the mortgage or loan by the appraised value of the property.
??????? = Loan Loss Provision  An expense set aside as an allowance for bad loans (customer defaults, or terms of a loan have to be renegotiated, etc.).
???? = Loan Syndication  The process of involving numerous different lenders in providing various portions of a loan. Mainly used in extremely large loan situations, syndication allows any one lender to provide a large loan while maintaining a more prudent and manageable credit exposure because the lender isn't the only creditor.
?? = ??|??Credit  1. A contractual agreement in which a borrower receives something of value now, with the agreement to repay the lender at some date in the future. Also, the borrowing capacity of an individual or company. 2. An accounting entry system that either decreases assets or increases liabilities.
?????? = Trade-Weighted Dollar  The trade-weighted dollar represents the foreign currency price of the U.S. dollar or the export value of the U.S. dollar.
???? = Trade Finance  The science that describes the management of money, banking, credit, investments, and assets for international trade transactions.
???? = Insolvency    When a company can no longer meet its debt obligations with another firm or institution.
?? = Asset    Anything that an individual or a corporation owns that has economic value to its owner. Asset is also a balance sheet item showing what a firm owns. Assets are bought to increase the value of a firm or benefit the firms operations.
???? = Asset Swap    Similar in structure to a plain vanilla swap, the key difference is the underlying of the swap contract. Rather than regular fixed and floating loan interest rates being swapped, fixed and floating investments are being exchanged.
?????? = Asset Coverage Ratio    A test that determines a company's ability to cover debt obligations with their assets after all liabilities have been satisfied. It is calculated as the following (Book or liquidation value of total assets - intangible assets - (current liabilities - short term debt obligations)) / Total debt outstanding.
???? = Net Asset Value (NAV)     1. In the context of mutual funds, the total value of the fund's portfolio less liabilities. The NAV is usually calculated on a daily basis.   2. In respect to corporate valuations, the book value of assets less liabilities.
???? = Asset Allocation    The process of dividing a portfolio among major asset categories, such as bonds, stocks, or cash. The purpose of asset allocation is to reduce risk by diversifying the portfolio.
?????? = Asset Allocation Fund    Type of mutual fund that splits investment assets among bonds, stocks, and other securities. The goal is to maximize return while minimizing risk.
????? = Asset Turnover    The amount of sales generated for every dollar's worth of assets. It is calculated by dividing sales in dollars by assets in dollars. It is calculated as: Revenue / Total Assets.
????? = Return On Assets (ROA)     A useful indicator of how profitable a company is relative to its total assets. Calculated by dividing a company's annual earnings by its total assets, ROA is displayed as a percentage. Sometimes this is referred to as Return on Investment. It is calculated as: Net Income / Total Assets.  Note: Some people add interest expense back into net income when performing this calculation because it measures operating returns before cost of borrowing.
?????? = Asset-Backed Security    A security backed by notes or receivables against assets other than real estate.
???? = Asset Management    1. The management of the financial assets of a company in order to maximize return.   2. An account at a financial institution that includes checking services, credit cards, debit cards, margin loans, the automatic sweep of cash balances into a money market fund, as well as brokerage services.
?????? = Asset-Liability Management    A technique employed by companies in coordinating the management of assets and liabilities so that an adequate return may be earned.
????? = Balance Sheet    A company's financial statement. It reports the company's assets, liabilities, and net worth at a specific time.
????????? = Off Balance Sheet Financing    The way a company raises money that does not appear on the balance sheet, unlike loans, debt, or equity, which do appear on the balance sheet.
?????? = Asset Redeployment    The strategic relocation of company assets in order to increase profitability. By redeploying assets, a company is restructuring itself in order to become more efficient and profitable. Typically, successful takeover bids will result in redeployment. For example, the sale or dissolution of an unprofitable subsidiary in order to focus on more profitable areas of the business.
??? = Asset Play    An incorrectly valued stock that is attractive because its combined asset value greater than its market capitalization. This type of stock is called an asset play because the impetus for purchase is the fact that the company's assets are being offered to the market relatively cheap. Typically, investors involved in an asset play will buy these stocks in hopes that there will be price corrections causing the market capitalization to increase and thus lead to a capital gain.
?? = ??Solvency    The ability of a corporation to meet both its long-term fixed expenses and to have adequate money for long-term expansion and growth.
?? = ???Capital    1. Financial assets or the financial value of assets such as cash.   2. The factories, machinery, and equipment owned by a business.
?????? = Impairment    1. A reduction in a company's stated capital. 2. The total capital that is less than the par value of the company's capital stock.
???? = Capitalism    An economic system that encourages private investment and business, rather than a government controlled economy.
?????? = Capital Guarantee Fund    An investment vehicle, offered by certain institutions, that guarantees the investor's initial capital investment from any losses.
????? = Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR)     A measure of a bank's capital. It is expressed as a percentage of a bank's risk weighted credit exposures.
??? = Capitalize    An accounting method used to delay the recognition of expenses by recording the expense as a long term asset.
????? = ????Capital Lease    A lease considered to have the economic characteristic of asset ownership. Cf. finance/financing lease.
???? = Capital Appreciation    A rise in the market price of an asset.
????? = Return of Capital    A return from an investment that is not considered income. The return of capital is when some or all of the money an investor has in an investment is paid back to him or her, thus decreasing the value of the investment. This is not a gain of any type because it is not in excess of the original investment.
???? = Capital Intensive    A process or industry that requires large sums of financial resources to produce a particular good.
???? = Capital Markets    The market where capital, such as stocks and bonds, are traded. It is generally a market for trading long-term securities (those that mature in more than one year). Opposite to “currency market”.
???? = ????Capital Expenditure    Funds used by a company to acquire or upgrade physical assets such as property, industrial buildings, or equipment.
???? = Cost of Capital    The required return necessary to make a capital budgeting project worthwhile.  Cost of capital would include the cost of debt and the cost of equity.
???? = Capital Loss    The loss incurred when a capital asset (investment or real estate) decreases in value. The loss is not realized until the asset is sold for a lower price than the purchase price.
???? = Capital Gain    An increase in the value of a capital asset (investment or real estate) that gives it a higher worth than the purchase price. The gain is not realized until the asset is sold. A capital gain may be short-term (one year or less) or long-term (more than one year), and must be claimed on income taxes.
??????? = Return On Capital Gains    The return that one gets from an increase in the value of a capital asset (investment or real estate).
???? = Capital Note    Fixed income products issued by companies as a source of short term debt.
???? = ????Capital Lease    A lease considered to have the economic characteristic of asset ownership. Cf. finance/financing lease.
?????? = Recapitalization    Restructuring a company's debt and equity mixture without affecting the total amount of balance sheet equity.
?????? = Debt Ratio A ratio that indicates what proportion of debt a company has relative to its assets. The measure gives an idea to the leverage of the company along with the potential risks the company faces in terms of its debt-load. A debt ratio of greater than 1 indicates that a company has more debt than assets, meanwhile, a debt ratio of less than 1 indicates that a company has more assets than debt. Used in conjunction with other measures of financial health, the debt ratio can help investors determine a company's level of risk. Debt ratio = total debt / total assets.????|??????Gearing Ratio    A general term describing a financial ratio that compares some form of owner's equity (or capital) to borrowed funds. Gearing is a measure of financial leverage, demonstrating the degree to which a firm's activities are funded by owner's funds versus creditor's funds.  The higher a company's degree of leverage, the more the company is considered risky. As for most ratios, an acceptable level is determined by its comparison to ratios of companies in the same industry. The best known examples of gearing ratios include the debt-to-equity ratio (total debt / total equity), times interest earned (EBIT / total interest), equity ratio (equity / assets), and debt ratio (total debt / total assets). A company with high gearing (high leverage) is more vulnerable to downturns in the business cycle because the company must continue to service its debt regardless of how bad sales are. A greater proportion of equity provides a cushion and is seen as a measure of financial strength.
???? = Capital Goods    Any goods used by an organization to produce other goods.
???? = Capital Account    The net result of public and private international investment flowing in and out of a country. Cf. current account.
???? = Capital Asset    A long-term asset that is not bought or sold in the regular course of business.
???????? = Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM)     A model describing the relationship between risk and expected return. It serves as a model for the pricing of risky securities. CAPM says that the expected return of a security or a portfolio equals the rate on a risk-free security plus a risk premium. If this expected return does not meet or beat the required return then the investment should not be undertaken.
??? = ???Capital    1. Financial assets or the financial value of assets such as cash.   2. The factories, machinery, and equipment owned by a business.
????? = Capital Base    1. The capital acquired during an IPO, or the additional offerings of a company, plus any retained earnings.    2. An initial investment plus subsequent investments made by an investor into their portfolio.
???? = Capital Budgeting    The process of determining whether or not projects such as building a new plant or investing in a long-term venture are worthwhile.
?????? = Cash Conversion Cycle    The duration between the sale of a firm's inventory and the collection of accounts receivable for the sale of that inventory.
???? = Cost of Funds    The interest rate paid on an outstanding loan. Cost of funds is the cost of borrowing money.
?????? = Repatriation    The process of converting a foreign currency into the currency of one's own country.
????? = Burn Rate    The rate at which a new company uses up its venture capital to finance overhead before generating positive cash flow from operations. In other words, it's a measure of negative cash flow.
??????? = Time Value of Money    The basic principle that money can earn interest. Therefore, something that is worth $1 today will be worth more in the future if invested. This is also referred to as future value.
???? = ????Line of Credit  An arrangement between a financial institution (usually a bank) and a customer establishing a maximum loan balance that the bank will permit the borrower to maintain.????Facility  A term used to describe financial assistance programs offered by lending institutions to help companies requiring capital.
???? = Overcapitalization    When a company has too much capital for the needs of its business.
?? = Redemption    The return of an investor's principal in a security, such as a stock, bond, or mutual fund. Cf. buyback/repurchase.
???? = ????Call Date    The date on which a bond can be redeemed before maturity. If the issuer feels there is a benefit to refinancing the issue, the bond may be redeemed on the call date at par or at a small premium to par.
?? = Indemnity    A contractual agreement made between different parties to compensate for any damages or losses. Most commonly used in the wording of insurance policies, the company will indemnify the policy holder for any losses that are insured for. See indemnity insurance; liability insurance.
????? = Letter of Indemnity    A letter guaranteeing that contractual provisions will be met, otherwise financial reparations will be made.
???? = Dependency Ratio    A ratio indicating the number of dependents (aged 0-14 and over the age of 65) to the total population (aged 15-64). The total dependency ratio is calculated by the (number of dependents/population aged 15-64) x 100%.
?? = Oversold    A technical analysis term for a market in which the volume of selling that has occurred is greater than the fundamentals justify.
????? = Greenshoe Option    A provision contained in an underwriting agreement that gives the underwriter the right to sell investors more shares than originally planned by the issuer. This would normally be done if the demand for a security issue proves higher than expected. Legally referred to as an over-allotment option. A greenshoe option can provide additional price stability to a security issue because the underwriter has the ability to increase supply and smooth out price fluctuations if demand surges. Greenshoe options typically allow underwriters to sell up to 15% more shares than the original number set by the issuer, if demand conditions warrant such action. However, some issuers prefer not to include greenshoe options in their underwriting agreements under certain circumstances, such as if the issuer wants to fund a specific project with a fixed amount of cost and does not want more capital than it originally sought. The term is derived from the fact that the Green Shoe Company was the first to issue this type of option.?????Overallotment    Selling more securities than are available in an IPO. Investors (on a so-called waiting list) hope that some orders will not be confirmed, allowing them to get in on the IPO.
???? = Oversubscribed    When the demand for a new issue of securities (IPO) exceeds the number of shares issued.
?????? = Mega Cap    The companies having a market capitalization greater than $200 billion.
??? = Tag Along Rights    A procedure used to protect a minority shareholder (usually in a venture capital deal). Basically, if a majority shareholder sells their stake, then the minority shareholder has the right to join the transaction and sell their minority stake in the company. Cf. drag along rights.
?? = Road Show    A presentation by an issuer of securities to potential buyers. It is intended to create interest in the securities.
???? = ????Close Position    The act of taking the opposite position of the current position thereby getting out of a position in a particular stock or security. Also referred to as "Closing Transaction." If a broker recommends that you close your long position on a stock they mean "sell it immediately." For example if you have a short position in a stock for you to close the position you will need to take a long position, or in other words you have to buy back the stock.
???? = ????Turnaround  When the poor performance of a company, market, or the economy experiences a positive reversal.
?? = Conversion 1. The translation of a convertible security into a predetermined number of shares.   2. A strategy used by future traders whereby they mix the purchase of option and futures contracts.
???? = Conversion Price The price per share at which a convertible security can be converted into common stock.
???? = Conversion Premium The amount by which the price of a convertible security exceeds the current market value of the common stock into which it may be converted.
??? = Inflection Point An event that changes the way we think and act. -Andy Grove, Founder of Intel.
?????? = Sector Rotation    The action of a mutual fund or portfolio manager shifting assets from one sector of the economy to another.
???? = Exchange Privilege When a mutual fund shareholder has the opportunity to exchange a fund for another within the same family at no additional cost.
?? = Assignment The transfer of an individual's rights or property to another person or business.
??? = Soft Commodity Used to describe commodities such as coffee, cocoa, sugar and fruit. This term generally refers to commodities that are grown, rather than mined.
??? = Soft Landing    A term used to describe a rate of economic growth high enough to avoid recession, but slow enough to avoid high inflation.
??? = Soft Currency    Another name for "weak currency," there is very little demand for this type of currency and values often fluctuate.
??? = Soft Loan 1. A loan with a below-market rate of interest. 2. Loans made by multinational development banks and the World Bank to developing countries. Typically, soft loans have extended grace periods in which only interest or service charges are due, in addition to offering longer amortization schedules and lower interest rates than conventional bank loans.
??? = ??Soft Money 1. Government and organizations refer to this as 'one time' funding for a project or special purpose. 2. Describes paper currency, as opposed to gold, silver, or some other coined metal.
???? = Marginal Utility The additional satisfaction obtained by a consumer from consuming one more unit of a good or service.
???? = Marginal Tax Rate The amount of tax paid on an additional dollar of income. As income rises, so does the tax rate.
???? = ????|????Margin Account  A brokerage account in which the broker lends the customer cash to purchase securities. The loan in the account is collateralized by the securities and cash. If the value of the stock drops sufficiently, the account holder will be required to deposit more cash or sell a portion of the stock. In a margin account, you are investing with your broker's money. By using leverage in such a way, you magnify both gains and losses.
??????? = Flipper    A short-term investor or day trader who buys pre-IPO shares, swiftly spinning them out into public markets for a quick profit.
??? = ??|???????|???Overhang    Calculated as stock options granted, plus the remaining options to still be granted, and then divided by the total shares outstanding.
??12?? = Last Twelve Months (LTM)    A term used to describe financial results during the period of the last 12 months.
???? = Bridge Financing Method of financing, used by companies before their IPO, to obtain necessary cash for the maintenance of operations. These funds are usually supplied by the investment bank underwriting the new issue. As payment, the company acquiring the bridge financing will give a number of shares at a discount of the issue price to the underwriters that equally offsets the loan. This financing is, in essence, a forwarded payment for the future sales of the new issue.
???? = ????|????Bridge Loan A short-term loan that is used until a person or company can secure permanent financing or removes an existing obligation. This type of financing allows the user to meet current obligations by providing immediate cash flow. The loans are short-term (up to one year) with relatively high interest rates and are backed by some form of collateral such as real estate or inventory. Also known as "interim financing", "gap financing or a "swing loan". As the term implies, these loans "bridge the gap" between times when financing is needed. They are used by both corporations and individuals and can be customized for many different situations. For example, let's say that a company is doing a round of equity financing that is expecting to close in six months. A bridge loan could be used to secure working capital until the round of funding goes through. In the case of an individual, bridge loans are common in the real estate market. As there can often be a time lag between the sale of one property and the purchase of another, a bridge loan allows a homeowner more flexibility.
???? = Capital Employed 1. The total amount of capital used for the acquisition of profits. 2.The value of all the assets employed in a business. 3. Fixed assets plus working capital. 4.Total assets less current liabilities.
???? = Debt Service Cash required in a given period for the repayment of interest and principal of a debt.
?????? = Aggressive Investment Strategy    A method of portfolio management that attempts to achieve maximum return. Aggressive investors place a higher percentage of their assets in equities than they do in safer debt securities.
?? = Import  In reference to international trade, these are goods brought into one country from another.
???? = ????Forward Swap A swap agreement created through the synthesis of two different swaps, differing in duration, for the purpose of fulfilling the specific timeframe needs of an investor.
???? = Forward Price A predetermined price that makes a forward contract worthless to both parties.
???? = Forward Rate The amount that a currency, commodity, or some other asset will cost to deliver sometime in the future.
?????? = Forward Rate Agreement (FRA) A forward contract that determines an interest rate to be paid or received on an obligation beginning at a start date sometime in the future.
???? = Forward Contract A cash market transaction in which delivery of the commodity is deferred until after the contract has been made. Although the delivery is made in the future, the price is determined at the initial trade date.
???? = Forward Market A term used to describe the over-the-counter trading of forward contracts.
???? = ????Forward Swap A swap agreement created through the synthesis of two different swaps, differing in duration, for the purpose of fulfilling the specific timeframe needs of an investor.
???? = Default Risk The risk that a company or individual will be unable to pay the contractual interest or principal on its debt obligations.
?? = ??Jointly and Severally 1. A legal term describing a partnership wherein individual decisions are binding against all parties involved and thus undivided.  When an investor authorizes power of attorney to two separate lawyers jointly and severally, both lawyers can make binding decisions without the approval of the other lawyer.      2. A term used in underwriting syndicates to refer to the distinct responsibility of individual companies to sell a certain portion of unsold new issue. For example, an underwriter who has jointly and severally agreed to a 30% stake in the sale of a new issue must sell 30% of any remaining unsold portion, even if that underwriter has already sold more than this amount in the initial sale. All members of the syndicate are responsible for any leftover shares.
???? = Cross Default    A provisions in a bond indenture or loan agreement that puts the borrower in default if the borrower defaults on another obligation. Also known as "cross acceleration". This provides more security to the lender. You can think of this as an "out-clause" to the contract.
???? = ????Claw back    1. Previously given monies or benefits that are taken back due to specially arising circumstances.   2. A retraction of stock prices or of the market in general.
???? = Tracker Fund    An index fund that tracks a broad market index or a segment thereof. Such a fund invests in all, or a representative number, of the securities within the index.  Also known as an "index fund". The term "tracker fund" comes from the tracking function of index fund management, which attempts to replicate the performance of a market index.Investing in an index fund is a form of passive investing. The primary advantage to such a strategy is the lower expense ratio on an index fund. Also, a majority of mutual funds fail to beat broad indexes such as the S&amp;P 500.
???? = Tracking Stock    1. A common stock issued by a parent company to create a financial vehicle to track the performance of a particular division or subsidiary without having claim on the assets of the division or the parent company. Also known as "designer stock". When a parent company issues a tracking stock, all revenues and expenses of the applicable division are separated from the parent company's financial statements and bound to the tracking stock. Oftentimes, this is done to separate a subsidiary's high-growth division from a larger parent company that is presenting losses. The parent company and its shareholders, however, still control the operations of the subsidiary.  2. A type of security specifically designed to mirror the performance of a larger index. The most popular tracking stock is the QQQQ, which is an exchange-traded fund that mirrors the returns of the Nasdaq 100 index. Another type of tracking stock is Standard &amp; Poor's depository receipts (SPDRs), which mirror the returns of the S&amp;P 500 index.
?????? = Exit Strategy    The method that a venture capitalist or business owner intends to use to get out of an investment that he/she has made.
???? = ?????|????Marketable Securities Very liquid securities that can be converted into cash quickly at a reasonable price.
??????????? = Cherry Picking    1. The act of investors choosing investments that have performed well within another portfolio in anticipation that the trend will continue.   2. Relating to bankruptcy proceedings whereby the courts uphold contracts favorable to bankrupt companies, but annul those that are unfavorable.
?? = Overdraft    The amount of money that you owe to a bank when you have spent more money than is in your bank account; an arrangement that allows you to do this
?????? = Deferred Interest Bond    A debt instrument that pays no interest until a date specified in the future.
???? = Deferred Annuity    An annuity contract that delays payments of income, installments, or a lump sum until the investor elects to receive them.
????? = Deferred Income Tax    A liability that results from income already earned and recognized for accounting purposes, but not for tax purposes, that is recorded on the balance sheet.
???? = Deferred Revenue   A liability account used for deposits and other cash receipts prior to the completion of the sale.
???? = Deferred Account    An account that postpones tax liabilities until a later date. Deferred accounts are usually retirement accounts.
?????? = Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP)    The common set of accounting principles, standards, and procedures. GAAP is a combination of authoritative standards (set by policy boards) and the accepted ways of doing accounting.
???? = ????|????????Call Loan    A loan provided to a brokerage firm and used to finance margin accounts. The interest rate on a call loan is calculated daily. The resulting interest rate is referred to as the call loan rate. Call loans use securities as collateral for the loan. It is important to note that a call loan can be canceled at any time.
?????? = ??????Call Loan Rate    The short term interest rate charged on a secured call loan, usually in margin accounts.
????? = ?????Reflation     An economic policy whereby a government uses fiscal or monetary stimulus in order to expand a country's output. Possibilities include reducing tax, changing the money supply, or even adjusting interest rates.
???? = ?????Reflation     An economic policy whereby a government uses fiscal or monetary stimulus in order to expand a country's output. Possibilities include reducing tax, changing the money supply, or even adjusting interest rates.
???? = Deflation    The rate at which the general level of prices for goods and services is falling. The opposite of inflation.
???? = Quick Ratio    An indicator of a company's financial strength. It is calculated by subtracting inventories from current assets, then dividing by current liabilities. This is also known as the Acid Test.
???? = Quick Assets    The assets that can be easily converted into cash or are already in cash form. It is calculated as current assets minus inventories.
???? = Dow Theory    A theory which says the market is in an upward trend if one of its averages (industrial or transportation) advances above a previous important high, it is accompanied or followed by a similar advance in the other.
????????? = Dow Jones Transportation Average (DJTA)     The Dow Jones Transportation Average is a price-weighted average of 20 transportation stocks traded in the United States. The average was started back in 1884.
??????????? = Dow Jones Utility Average (DJUA)     The Dow Jones Utility Average is a price-weighted average of 15 utility stocks traded in the United States. The DJUA was started back in 1929.
????????? = Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA)     The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq. The DJIA was invented by Charles Dow back in 1896.
?? = ??Bequest    The process of giving stocks, bonds, or any other assets to the beneficiary of a will.
?? = ??Bequest    The process of giving stocks, bonds, or any other assets to the beneficiary of a will.
???? = Tax Haven A country that offers individuals and businesses little or no tax liability.
??? = Safe Harbor    1. A legal provision to reduce or eliminate liability as long as good faith is demonstrated.  2. A form of shark repellant where a target company acquires a business that is so poorly regulated that the target itself is less attractive. In effect, this gives the target company a "safe harbor."  3. An accounting method that avoids legal or tax regulations and allows for a simpler (usually) method of determining a tax consequence than is available following the precise language of the tax code.
???? = Paydown    The process of repaying a portion of an outstanding loan balance. It occurs when the amount of debt being redeemed by a government or a company exceeds the amount of new debt being issued. The government or company is repaying more debt than it is borrowing. The total net reduction is called the paydown.
?????? = Paydown Factor    Each month a portion of cash is subtracted from the principal of a mortgage security. This amount is then divided by the original principal of the security and is reported as the paydown factor.
?? = Allotment    During an IPO, this is the number of shares granted to each participating underwriting firm that they are permitted to sell. Remaining surpluses are then given to other firms which have won the bid for the right to sell the IPO.
?? = ??Quota    In the context of international trade, this is a limit put on the amount of a specific good that can be imported.
?????? = Acid Test    A stringent test that indicates if a firm has enough short-term assets to cover its immediate liabilities, without selling inventory. (Cash + Accounts Receivable + Short-term Investments) / Current Liabilities.
???? = Replacement Cost  The price that will have to be paid to replace an existing asset with a similar asset.
??? = Golden Handcuffs    An incentive given to existing employees in hopes that they will decide to stay with the company.
?????? = Financial Intermediary    An institution that acts as the middleman between investors and firms raising funds. Often referred to as financial institutions.
??????????? = FTSE  A company that specializes in index calculation. Although not part of a stock exchange, co-owners include the London Stock Exchange and the Financial Times.
???? = Financial Asset An asset that derives value because of a contractual claim. Examples are stocks, bonds, or bank deposits.
?????? = Financial Engineering The creation of new and improved financial products through innovative design or repackaging of existing financial instruments.
?????? = Financial Supermarket    A financial company that offers a wide range of services to its clients.
?? = ??Money 1. A commodity or asset, such as gold, an officially issued currency, coin, or paper note, that can be legally exchanged for something equivalent, such as goods or services. 2. As defined by common law: a medium of exchange authorized or adopted by a domestic or foreign government and includes a monetary unit of account established by an intergovernmental organization or by agreement between two or more nations.
???? = Syndicated Loan    A very large loan in which a group of banks work together to provide funds for one borrower. There is usually one lead bank that takes a small percentage of the loan and syndicates the rest to other banks.
???? = Bank Insurance    A public or private corporation that guarantees deposits up to a specified amount if the bank goes bankrupt.
?????? = Bancassurance    A French term referring to the selling of insurance through a bank's established distribution channels. The result is a bank that can offer banking, insurance, lending, and investment products to a customer.
???? = Bank Rate    The rate at which central banks lend funds to national banks.
?????? = Bank Investment Contract (BIC)     A security with an interest rate guaranteed by a bank. It provides a specific yield on a portfolio over a specified period.
???? = Bank Guarantee    A guarantee from a lending institution that the liabilities of a debtor will be met. In other words, if the debtor fails to settle a debt, the bank will cover it.
???? = Bank Run    When numerous bank customers try to withdrawal their bank deposits simultaneously and the bank's reserves are not sufficient to cover the withdrawals.
???????? = ????|????????Call Loan    A loan provided to a brokerage firm and used to finance margin accounts. The interest rate on a call loan is calculated daily. The resulting interest rate is referred to as the call loan rate. Call loans use securities as collateral for the loan. It is important to note that a call loan can be canceled at any time.
??????? = Selling, General, &amp; Administrative Expenses (SG&amp;A)     Reported on the Income Statement, it is all the costs associated with selling and the general expenses of running the business.
????? = Return On Sales (ROS)     A widely used ratio that detects operational efficiency. It is calculated by dividing net income before interest and tax by the sales.
???? = Concession    A selling group's compensation in an underwriting (on a per-share or per-bond basis).
??? = Sales Tax A tax that is imposed on the sale price of a retail goods or services.
????????? = Sales to Cash Flow Ratio    A ratio that indicates whether or not a company's sales are high in comparison to its cash flow. Calculated as: Sales per Share / Cash Flow per Share.
?? = ??Write-Off    To charge an asset amount to expense or loss in order to reduce the value of that asset and one's earnings.
?? = ??Charge Off1. A debt that is deemed uncollectable and written off. Also known as a bad debt.2. A one-time expense incurred by a company that negatively affects earnings.
???? = Lock-up Agreement    A legally binding contract between the underwriters and insiders of the company prohibits them from selling any shares of stock for a certain specified period of time.
???? = Mirror Fund    A type of mutual fund, typically run by a life insurance company, that enables an investor to access another company's mutual fund through their life insurance policies.
?? = Chinese Wall    A slang term for the division within a brokerage firm that prevents insider information from being handed out by corporate advisers to investment traders.
???? = Long Bond A bond that matures in more than 10 years. When people refer to "the long bond," this typically is the 30-year U.S. treasury.
???? = Long Term Debt    Loans and financial obligations, lasting over one year, on which interest is paid.
????/????? = Long Term Debt/Capitalization    A ratio indicating the financial leverage of a firm. It is calculated by taking a company's long term debt and dividing by the capital available (the sum of long term debt, preferred stock, and stockholders' equity).
???? = ????Funded Debt A long term debt that matures after more than one year.
???? = Long Term Liabilities Recorded on the balance sheet, a company's liabilities for leases, bond repayments, and other items due in more than one year.
???? = Long Term Assets1. Reported on the balance sheet, it's the value of a company's property, equipment, and other capital assets, less depreciation. 2. A stock, bond, or other asset that you plan on holding in your portfolio for a lengthy period of time.
???? = ????|???????????Distressed Securities    A financial instrument in a company that is near or is currently going through bankruptcy. This usually results from a company's inability to meet its financial obligations. As a result, these financial instruments have suffered a substantial reduction in value. Distressed securities can include common and preferred shares, bank debt, trade claims (goods owed) and corporate bonds.  Due to their reduction in value, distressed securities often become attractive to investors who are looking for a bargain and are willing to accept a risk. Because most of the time these companies end up filing for Chapter 11 or 7, there are substantial risks involved in investing in them. As a result of bankruptcy, equity (common shares) is rendered worthless so those who invest depressed securities look at more senior instruments such as bank debt, trade claims and bonds. The logic behind this investment is that the company's situation is not as bad as the market believes it to be and either the company will survive or there will be enough money upon liquidation to cover the original investment.
???? = Idle Time Unproductive time spent by employees due to factors beyond their control.
???? = ????Idle Funds    Money that is not invested and, therefore, earning no income. For example, funds in a checking account.
???? = ????????|??|??|???|?????????|????Overhead A reference in accounting to all costs not including or related to direct labor, materials, or administration costs. A very ambiguous term unless a modifier is added. A commonly used expression is manufacturing overhead.
????? = Defensive Buy An investment that is an attractive buy because it is low risk, not because of its return potential. Many investors view utility stocks as a defensive buy.
??????? = Defensive Investment Strategy A method of portfolio allocation and management aimed at minimizing the risk of losing principal. Defensive investors place a high percentage of their investable assets in bonds, cash equivalents, and stocks that are less volatile than average.
??? = Surcharge An added charge, cost, or tax.
???? = ????Subsidiary A company owned by another company that controls more than 50% of its voting stock.
??? = Cum Dividend When a buyer of a security is entitled to receive a dividend that has been declared, but not paid.
???? = ????Negative Covenant A bond covenant that prevents certain activities, unless agreed to by the bondholders. Negative covenants are written directly into the agreement creating the bond issue, are legally binding on the issuer, and exist to protect the best interests of the bondholders. Also referred to as "restrictive covenant". Think of a negative covenant as a promise not to do something. Usually, negative covenants limit the amount of dividends a firm can pay to shareholders and restrict the ability of the firm to issue additional debt. Generally, the more negative covenants exist in a bond issue, the lower the interest rate on the debt will be since the restrictive covenants make the bonds safer in the eyes of investors.
?? = ??Quota    In the context of international trade, this is a limit put on the amount of a specific good that can be imported.
?????? = Exclusion Ratio    The portion of the return on investments that is income tax exempt. It represents a payback of initial investments rather than capital gains.
?? = ???Ex-Dividend    The trading of shares when a declared dividend belongs to the seller rather than the buyer.
?? = ???????Ex-Rights    The period when a new purchaser of stock is not entitled to participate in the recently declared rights offering.
?? = ??????Ex-Warrant    The trading of shares when a warrant has been declared, but not distributed. In this case, the distribution would still belong to the seller rather than someone looking to buy the shares.
??????????? = ????|???????????Distressed Securities    A financial instrument in a company that is near or is currently going through bankruptcy. This usually results from a company's inability to meet its financial obligations. As a result, these financial instruments have suffered a substantial reduction in value. Distressed securities can include common and preferred shares, bank debt, trade claims (goods owed) and corporate bonds.  Due to their reduction in value, distressed securities often become attractive to investors who are looking for a bargain and are willing to accept a risk. Because most of the time these companies end up filing for Chapter 11 or 7, there are substantial risks involved in investing in them. As a result of bankruptcy, equity (common shares) is rendered worthless so those who invest depressed securities look at more senior instruments such as bank debt, trade claims and bonds. The logic behind this investment is that the company's situation is not as bad as the market believes it to be and either the company will survive or there will be enough money upon liquidation to cover the original investment.
????? = Silent Partner    An investor who does not have any management responsibilities but provides capital and shares liability for any losses experienced by the entity.
???? = Embedded Value    A common valuation method outside North America. It is based on the sum of tangible book value plus the (present) value of the in-force block.
???? = Implicit Cost    A cost that is represented by lost opportunity in the usage of a company's own resources, excluding cash.
???? = Embedded Option    An option that is an inseparable part of another instrument. Compare this to a normal (or bare) option,which trades separately from the underlying security.
????? = Implied Volatility (IV)     The estimated volatility of a stock's price.
???? = Overnight Rate    The interest rate at which a depository institution lends immediately available funds (balances within the central bank) to another depository institution overnight.
?????? = Overnight Index Swap    An interest rate swap involving the overnight rate being exchanged for some fixed interest rate.
???? = Collective Fund    An investment vehicle that combines tax exempt assets of various individuals and organizations in order to create a well-diversified portfolio.
???? = ????|????Class Action An action where an individual represents a group in a court claim. The judgment from the suit is for all the members of the group (class).
???? = ????|????Class Action An action where an individual represents a group in a court claim. The judgment from the suit is for all the members of the group (class).
???? = Zero-Sum Game    A situation in which one participant's gains result only from another participant's equivalent losses. The net change is always 0.
????? = Retail Investor    Individual investors who buy and sell securities for their personal account, and not for another company or organization.
???? = Retail Banking    Retail banking is typical mass-market banking where individual customers use local branches of larger commercial banks. Services offered include: savings and checking accounts, mortgages, personal loans, debit cards, credit cards, and so forth.
????? = Zero-Coupon Bond    A corporate or municipal debt security traded at a deep discount from face value. It is traded at a deep discount because the bond pays no interest. The profit is realized when the bond is redeemed at maturity for its full face value. It may be issued at a discount, or it may be stripped of its coupons by a bank and then repackaged as a zero coupon bond.
???????? = Zero-Coupon Convertible    A zero-coupon bond issued by a corporation, it can be converted into that corporation's common stock at a certain price.
??? = ??Odd Lot    An amount of a security that is less than the normal unit of trading for that particular security.
????? = Money Zero Maturity (MZM)     A measure of the liquid money supply within an economy. MZM represents all money in M2 less the time deposits, plus all money market funds.
???? = ?????Petty Cash    The small amount of cash and coins that an organization uses for minor purchases and for providing change to customers
?? = Demand    A consumer's desire and willingness to pay for a good or service.
???? = Book Building    The process by which the offer price of an IPO is based on actual demand from institutional investors.
??????? = Price Elasticity of Demand    Price Elasticity measures the responsiveness of the quantity demanded of a good to a change in its price. It is calculated as: % Change in Quantity Demanded / % Change in Price.
??? = Quiet Period    In terms of an IPO, the period where an issuer is subject to a SEC ban on promotional publicity. The quiet period usually lasts either 40 or 90 days from the IPO.
???? = Disintermediation 1. In finance, withdrawal of funds from intermediary financial institutions, such as banks and savings and loan associations, in order to invest them directly.2. Generally, removing the middleman or intermediary.
???? = ????Demutualization    The process of changing corporate structure from a mutual fund company to some other form, such as a limited liability or corporation.
????? = Unearned Income Any income that comes from investments and other sources unrelated to employment services.
??????? = Soft Call Protection A feature added to convertible fixed-income and debt securities. The provision dictates that a premium will be paid by the issuer if early redemption occurs.
????? = Non-Profit Organization An association that is given tax-free status. Donations to a non-profit organization are often tax deductible as well.
????? = Nonrecurring Charge An expense occurring only once on a company's financial statement.
????? = Extraordinary Item    Gains or losses included in a company's financial statements, which are infrequent and unusual in nature. These are usually explained further in the 'notes to the financial statements.'
?????? = Non-Operating Cash Flows Cash inflows and outflows related to non-current investments, financing, and dividends.
????? = Non-Operating Asset Assets that are unnecessary to the ongoing operations of a business.
?? = ??Par    1. The face value of a bond. Generally $1,000 for corporate issues, with higher denominations such as $10,000 for many government issues. 2. A dollar amount assigned to a security when first issued.  For stocks, par is usually a small dollar amount that bears no relationship to the security's market price.???Face Value  1. The stated principal amount of a debt instrument.  2. The value printed value on a banknote or coin.
?? = ??Face Value  1. The stated principal amount of a debt instrument.  2. The value printed value on a banknote or coin.
???? = Crown Jewels    The most valuable unit of a corporation because of profitability, asset value, future prospects, etc.
???? = Project Finance  Project finance is defined by the International Project Finance Association (IPFA) as: The financing of long-term infrastructure, industrial projects and public services based upon a non-recourse or limited recourse financial structure where project debt and equity used to finance the project are paid back from the cash flow generated by the project.
?? = ????Prepayment    1. The payment of a debt obligation prior to its due date.  2. The excess payment over a scheduled debt repayment amount.
???? = Prepayment Risk    The uncertainty related to unscheduled prepayment in excess of scheduled principal repayment.
??????? = Prepackaged Bankruptcy    When a company prepares a reorganization plan that is negotiated and voted on by creditors and shareholders before the company actually files for bankruptcy.
?????? = Liquidated Damages    Present in certain legal contracts, this provision allows for the payment of a specified sum should one of the parties be in breach of contract. Cf. penalty.
????? = Withholding Tax    The amount of income tax an employer is required to withhold from an employee's salary.
?????? = Bond Anticipation Note (BAN)     Short term interest bearing securities issued in the anticipation of larger approaching bond issues.
????? = Expected Return    The average of a probability distribution of possible returns
?? = Forecasting    The process of analyzing historical and current data in order to determine future trends.
?? = Budget    An estimation of an organization's revenue and expenses over a specified period of time.
????? = Forward Looking Earnings    Analyst forecasts used in the context of a P/E ratio based on forward (expected) earnings rather than on the trailing earnings (which is quoted more often).
???? = Life Expectancy    1. The age until which a person is expected to live.  2. The remaining number of years an individual is expected to live according to IRS life expectancy tables.
??? = ???Drag Along Rights  A right that enables a majority shareholder to force a minority shareholder to join in the sale of a company. The majority owner doing the dragging must give the minority shareholder the same price, terms, and conditions as any other seller. This is designed to protect the majority shareholder. Because some buyers are only looking to have complete control of a company, drag-along rights help to eliminate minority owners and sell 100% of a company's securities to the buyer.
???? = Excess Return    Returns in excess of the risk-free rate or in excess of a market measure (such as an index fund).
?? = Risk    The chance that an investment's actual return will be different than expected. This includes the possibility of losing some or all of the original investment. It is usually measured using the historical returns or average returns for a specific investment.
???? = Value at Risk (VAR) A technique for estimating the probability of portfolio losses exceeding some specified price.
????? = Risk Tolerance    The degree of uncertainty that an investor can handle in regards to a negative change in the value of their portfolio.
?????? = ??????Venture Capital Fund Venture capital funds pool and manage money from investors seeking private equity stakes in small and medium-size enterprises with strong growth potential.
??????? = Risk Adjusted Return    A measure of how much risk a fund or portfolio assumed to earn its returns. This is usually expressed as a number or a rating.
??????? = Risk Adjusted Discount Rate    In portfolio theory and capital budget analysis, the rate necessary to determine the resent value of an uncertain or risky stream of income; it is the risk-free rate (generally the return on short-term U.S. Treasury securities?plus a risk premium that is based on an analysis of the risk characteristics of the particular investment or project
????????? = Risk Adjusted Return on Capital (RAROC)    In financial analysis, riskier projects and investments must be evaluated differently from their riskless counterparts. By discounting risky cash flows against less risky cash flows RAROC accounts for changes in the profile of the investment.
???? = ????Venture Capital    Money and resources made available to startup firms and small businesses with exceptional growth potential.?Risk Capital    The money that a person allocates to investments in high risk securities.
?????? = Risk Based Capital Requirement    A stated requirement of liquid reserves placed upon banks and institutions that deal in risky ventures.
????? = Chief Financial Officer  This is the senior manager who is responsible for overseeing the financial activities of an entire company. This includes signing checks, monitoring cash flow, and financial planning.
????? = Initial Margin  The percentage of the purchase price of securities that can be purchased on margin. It is also called the "initial margin requirement". According to Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, the initial margin is currently 50%. This level is only a minimum and some brokerages require you to deposit more than 50%. For futures contracts, initial margin requirements are set by the exchange.
?????? = Initial Public Offering (IPO)  The first sale of stock by a private company to the public. IPOs are often smaller, younger companies seeking capital to expand their business.
????????? = ???IPO Lock-up  A legally binding contract between the underwriters and insiders of the company undergoing an initial public offering (IPO). The contract prevents them from selling any shares of stock for a specified period of time.
??? = Loan Sharking    When a borrower is charged interest above an established legal rate. Depending on where you live, lenders typically cannot charge more than 60% interest per annum.
????? = Large-Cap    Companies having a market capitalization between $10 billion and $200 billion.
????? = Deep Discount Bond    1. A bond that sells at a significant discount from par value. 2. A bond that has a coupon rate significantly less than the prevailing rates of fixed-income securities with similar risk profiles and is selling at a discount from par value.
?????? = Liquid Market    Markets with many bid and ask offers. The market is characterized by high liquidity, low spreads, and low volatility.
????? = ?????Junk Bond A bond purchased for speculative purposes. They are usually rated BB or lower, and they have a higher default risk.
????? = Shark Watcher  A firm specializing in the early detection of takeovers. The firm's primary business is usually the solicitation of proxies for client corporations.
??? = Yellow Knight    A company that was once making a takeover attempt but ends up discussing a merger with the target company.
????? = Golden Lifejacket    An exceptional compensation package an acquiring company offers to the top executives of the company being acquired. The offer is meant to keep these executives attracted to holding their offices.
??? = Golden Share    A type of share that gives its shareholder veto power over changes to the company's charter.
????? = Golden Parachute    Lucrative benefits given to top executives in the event that a company is taken over by another firm, resulting in the loss of their job. Benefits include items such as stock options, bonuses, severance pay, etc.
??? = Black Knight    A company that makes a hostile takeover offer on a target company.
????? = Black Monday    The most notorious day in financial history (October 19, 1987). The DJIA fell 508 points, almost 22%. This stands as the largest one-day drop in NYSE history.
????? = Black Thursday    The colloquial name given to Thursday, October 24th, 1929 when the New York Stock Exchange plummeted leading to the great depression of the 1930's.
??? = Dragon Bond    A bond that is issued in Asia, but the denomination of the bond is in U.S. dollars.
